            Canaan Road

WGA/w Registered
Copyright 2012 Joseph Chappell

2048 Elliott Avenue #2048
      Nashville, Tennessee 37204
                                      757-685-4542

                             FADE IN:

EXT. GAS STATION - DAY

On the shadowy side of the building, WILLIE JAMES, JR., late 
forties, pulled back pony tail, cowboy boots, picks up pay 
phone. The wide open desert stretches for miles behind him. 

His dirty hands slide two dimes in. He holds a small picture 
in hand of him and his six year old girl with a butterfly 
necklace on her neck. 

Flips the picture over. Dials a number from the back. 

The line RINGS. 

               WOMAN'S VOICE (O.S.)

               WILLIE

               JANIS (O.S.)

        Hello?

        Janis.

        Willie?

               WILLIE
        Hey. I'm bout halfway between 
        Abilene and Dallas.

               JANIS (O.S.)

        You out?

Willie eyes the picture of his daughter in his hand.

               WILLIE
        As of this mornin'. You forget? I 
        mean it's okay if you did. 

               JANIS (O.S.)
        Thought it was next month.

               WILLIE
        Thursdee. October fifteen. Today. 
        You'll still come tomorrow, though, 
        right? Like we said? Both of you?

Willie turns to face the open desert stretching for miles 
without a single person in sight.

               WILLIE (CONT’D)
        It'd be real good seein' Ava.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

               JANIS (O.S.)

        We'll see.

               WILLIE

        Janis? 

                                        2.

Willie shuts his eyes tight, irritated. He rubs his temple to 
relieve the pain from her all too familiar words.

               WILLIE (CONT’D)
        It'd be good to see you, too.    
        Last few years ain't been too 
        friendly. Like to put it behind us.

               JANIS (O.S.)
        You made it this way, Willie.

               WILLIE
        I really am sorry about everything.

               JANIS
        Wish I could believe you.

               WILLIE
        Not sure I can expect you to. But 
        it would just mean a lot to see 
        her. Both of you.

               JANIS

        Yeah-

Willie takes a deep breath, turns back to the wilderness.

               WILLIE
        You know I'd get down on hands and 
        knees if I thought you'd see it.
        People around me'd take me for a 
        fool, but I'd do it.

               JANIS (O.S.)
        You're between Abilene and Dallas. 
        No one out there to think you one.

               WILLIE
        'Cept this dog just walked on by. 
        Hate to look undignified to him.

She chuckles.

               JANIS (O.S.)
        Well, that hound is in good 
        company. Maybe you can lick each 
        other's wounds.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED: (2)

                                        3.

               WILLIE
        He no ordinary hound. He a racing 
        dog. Maybe I put money down on him 
        and that'd take care of everything.

               JANIS
        I'd say not much has changed.

               WILLIE
        Oh, don't be dramatic. You know I'm 
        just teasin'. Always am.

               JANIS
        Well, if you'd been a bit more 
        serious, we wouldn't be talking 
        over a pay-phone. 

Willie groans.

               WILLIE
        Look Janis-

               JANIS (O.S.)

        Willie-

               WILLIE
        Come on. It's been three years.

A long silence on the other end of the phone.

               WILLIE (CONT'D)
        Please. I never once asked you to 
        bring her to me cos I didn't want 
        her to see her father that way. And 
        neither did you. But now I'm out. 
        Now I am asking.

Janis exhales.

               JANIS (O.S.)
        I did tell you we would.

Willie grins.

In the distance the ENGINE of the greyhound MOTORS UP.

               WILLIE
        That's-that's good news. So I'll 
        just call you when I get there.

               JANIS

        Whatever.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED: (3)

                                        4.

               WILLIE
        It will be good to see you, Janis. 
        I wasn't lying 'bout that.

               JANIS
        I'm sure Ava will be happy to see 
        you. Goodbye.

She hangs up. PHONE goes DEAD. Willie grips the phone tight, 
hesitates to hang it. Puts it on the hook. MONEY CLICKS. 

In distance along the desert road, a wilderness dog makes its 
way alongside the desert road. Willie sees it, smirks.

EXT. INTERSTATE 40 - DAY

The Greyhound zooms passed a sign, "NASHVILLE, 10 MILES."

INT. INTERSTATE 40 - CONTINUOUS

Willie holds the pen frozen to the page of his journal. Only 
words on the page are the heading, "All Things Come Down."

He shakes his head. A boy one seat in front of him sleeps, 
his hand hangs out the aisle clutching with an old gold 
pocket watch about to fall out.

INT. DOWNTOWN NASHVILLE - DAY

The Greyhound sits in stalled traffic. 

EXT. ST. FRANCIS CATHOLIC CHURCH/HALFWAY HOUSE - DAY

Just outside of downtown stands an old style mini-cathedral 
with Gothic Architecture. High arches carved in. Gargoyles 
near the top. A small monument to established religion.

Next door, a small, statureless, old apartment building lacks 
color and shape. The place resembles barracks.

INT. HALFWAY HOUSE COMMISARY - CONTINUOUS

A line of halfway house residents stand like soldiers and 
face SISTER AGATHA, late-sixties. She checks off her 
clipboard with each step, one m an at a time for attendance.

INT. SANCTUARY - CONTINUOUS

A boys choir sings "SANCTUS". 

The halfway house residents file in the back pew. A row of 
Sisters in habits line the front pews. Heads bowed. Eyes 
closed. Mouths utter silent prayers.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

                                        5.

SISTER HELEN, mid-20s, beautiful face, sits at the end of the 
pew. Her mouth doesn't move. Her head stays bowed. Her eyes 
peek up and wander, uninterested in prayer.

Agatha peruses each aisle, step by step. 

Helen ducks, shuts her eyes, as if in fervent prayer.

INT. GREYHOUND STATION - DAY

The station stands as big as a warehouse. Mostly empty.       

Rows of benches with only handful of people around. All sit 
alone and isolated from each other. 

The bus pulls in.

INT. GREYHOUND BUS - DAY

The bus stops. Parks. Doors swing open. The people jump out 
their seats to herd out like cattle. 

In the back, Willie's eyes closed, having nodded off.      
One by one, passengers file out.  

Willie still sleeps. The only one left.

BUS DRIVER cleans up trash off the ground, sees Willie. 

               BUS DRIVER
        Mister. Time to go.

Willie's eyes begin to open, out of it. He takes a big 
breath. Gets up. Something shiny catches eye.

               BUS DRIVER (CONT’D)
        Don't forget your watch.

On the floor in front of him, the gold watch left behind. 

               WILLIE

        Thank ya.

Willie snatches it up, stuffs into his pocket.

EXT. GREYHOUND BUS - DAY

A single boot stomps onto the bottom step of the bus. 

A guitar case on one shoulder, an oversized-duffel bag on the 
other, Willie surveys the concrete below him, steps down.

                                        6.

EXT. ST. FRANCIS CATHOLIC CHURCH - DAY

The sisters filter outside. Helen follows, but separates from 
the group before any acknowledge her.

THE STREET

Agatha stands by a bus where inmates trickle in one by one.

INT. HALFWAY HOUSE OFFICE - DAY

Helen comes in, two hot mugs in hand. 

Lifts the blinds. Beams of sunlight blast in. 

She sits at the desk. She drops tea bag in one mug. 

Opens ceramic jar on corner of the desk. Scoops four heaping 
spoons of sugar. Stirs. Sips.

EXT. ROUGH NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY

Downtown outskirts. Pawn shops. Barber shops. Tattoo parlors. 
Bars on windows. Weeds sprout up through cement cracks. 

Willie makes his way down the sidewalk with the bags on his 
back with not another single soul out and about. He stops, 
eyes a piece of paper with directions.

Up head several blocks, the St. Francis Catholic Church 
stands stories above everything else. He continues on.

INT. HALFWAY HOUSE HALLWAY - DAY

Agatha struts down the hallway. Arms folded. Tunnel vision.

INT. HALFWAY HOUSE OFFICE - DAY

Helen's chin rests on her palm, hypnotized by the world 
beyond the windows.

The blinds swoop back down. Agatha stands by the window with 
laser eyes pointed at Helen. 

               AGATHA
        You have work to do.

Agatha picks up the other mug. Puts a black tea bag in it. 
Helen scoots the jar to Agatha.

               HELEN

        Sugar?

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

               AGATHA
        My tastes haven't changed in forty 
        years. Today is no different.

                                        7.

Helen scoots jar back, scoops another spoonful for herself.

               HELEN
        They say your taste buds change 
        every seven years.

               AGATHA
        This 'they' you speak of must be 
        very fickle.

Agatha pushes down one flap of the blinds to peek outside.

               HELEN
        Have you heard from Father Devine?

AGATHA'S POV

Willie hunches down the sidewalk with bags on his back, sips 
his cigarette. He halts, checks the piece of paper.

BACK TO SCENE

               AGATHA

        He's here.

               HELEN
        Father Devine?

               AGATHA
        Our new resident.

Agatha lets go of the flap, turns to Helen. Sips her tea.

EXT. ST. FRANCIS CATHOLIC CHURCH - DAY

A cigarette burns down to the filter. 

Willie pulls the cigarette from his mouth, exhales a cloud. 
Sizes up the Gothic structure. He wads up the piece of paper, 
casts it to the ground.

Puts cigarette back in his mouth, smokes the filter. Flicks 
it to the ground. Smashes it.

               AGATHA
        You must be William James-

               WILLIE

        Willie-

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

               AGATHA

        -Junior.

                                        8.

               WILLLIE
        Never did like Junior. Mostly cos 
        senior never much liked me.

               AGATHA
        It is the name on your file. 

               WILLIE
        Just 'Willie' will do.

               AGATHA
        Well, Mister James. I'm Sister Mary 
        Agatha. Please follow me.

Without seeing if Willie agrees, Agatha gestures to Willie to 
follow as she moves along.

INT. HALFWAY HOUSE HALLWAY - DAY

Agatha leads Willie down a dim hallway. With two bags on his 
back, he struggles to keep up.

               AGATHA
        You've obtained semi-celebrity 
        status from what I understand.

               WILLIE
        I put a few records out, and they 
        seem to do well when I did, so-

               AGATHA
        You must sustain a real job while 
        you are here. You wake up. Go to 
        work. Your employer informs us you 
        arrived. You come home. Eat. In bed 
        and lights out by ten.

               WILLIE
        I was hoping to visit my daughter. 
        She in Murfreesboro.

Willie coughs.

               AGATHA
        If you wish to visit family, you 
        must send a written request to me 
        two weeks in advance. Old friends 
        and flames do not count.

Willie hacks now, covering his mouth. 

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

She halts. Turns to him. Takes notice of his coughing.

                                        9.

               AGATHA (CONT’D)
        Security is lighter here than the 
        correctional facilities. Residents 
        are to start being responsible. 
        Judging by your cough, one rule you 
        must take heed to. No smoking on 
        the premises. It is law. 

               WILLIE
        Its illegal for us to smoke on the 
        grounds here, Miss Sister?

               AGATHA
        Sister Mary Agatha. And by law I 
        mean my law. So yes, it is illegal.

Agatha continues on down the hallway with Willie following.

               AGATHA (CONT’D)
        St. Francis purchased and renovated 
        these apartments here over fifty 
        years ago. Thirty years ago the 
        Holy Father Pope Pius the twelfth 
        blessed this ground himself. It is 
        Holy. I intend to keep it that way.

               WILLIE
        So I can smoke on the shoulder?

               AGATHA
        If you wish to send me a written 
        request two weeks in advance to go 
        smoke across the street, you may. 
        Keep in mind, you're only allowed 
        one request a month.

               WILLIE
        You're jokin'?

She stops and turns to him again. Willie halts as well. 

               AGATHA
        I don't really have much time for a 
        sense of humor, Mister James.

               WILLIE
        I find it best to keep things 
        light. Makes livin' just a little 
        more tolerable.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED: (2)

                                        10.

Willie's journal sticks out of his coat pocket. Agatha nabs 
it from his pocket, opens it.

               WILLIE (CONT’D)

        'Scuse me-

               AGATHA
        Its my job to confiscate or search 
        anything you brought with you if I 
        deem it necessary.

               WILLIE
        And how it necessary?

She flips through the pages, one by one. Stops halfway 
through the journal. Something catches her attention. She 
runs her finger down the middle of it.

               AGATHA
        As I said, I don't have time for a 
        sense of humor, Mister James. And 
        by the look of it-

She turns the open journal to Willie, her finger on the small 
picture of his little girl.

               AGATHA (CONT’D)
        Neither do you.

She slams the journal shut, hands it out to him. He lets it 
hang there a moment, snatches it from her.

               AGATHA (CONT’D)
        Sister Helen will brief you the 
        rest of the way. Must be on my way.

Agatha gestures to the nearby door.

INT. HALFWAY HOUSE OFFICE - DAY

Sister Helen sits at the desk, fills out forms.

Door creaks open. Willie drags his feet in a slight strut.

Sister Helen looks up from her forms.

               WILLIE
        Sister Helen.

               SISTER HELEN
        You're Willie. I am Sister Helen.

She slides a form across the desk along with a pen.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

                                        11.

               SISTER HELEN (CONT’D)
        Need you to sign that. Basically 
        that you understand all the rules, 
        regulations, and conditions here.

               WILLIE
        Haven't read none.

               SISTER HELEN
        Oh. You should've received this-

Helen digs into a drawer, pulls out a thick booklet.

               SISTER HELEN (CONT’D)
        Feel free to read this first-

Willie gestures the book away, picks up the pen, signs.

               WILLIE
        Forget it. Don't think I really got 
        much choice in the matter anyways.

               SISTER HELEN
        I'll show you your living quarters.

Helen stands to her feet.

INT. BUNK ROOM - CONTINUOUS

A barracks-style living situation. Rows of bunk beds. Empty 
with everyone gone for the day. Helen leads Willie in, 
carrying his bags with him.

               SISTER HELEN
        This is your living area.

She takes him to the far side of the room, separate from the 
group where a cot stands folded up in the corner.

               SISTER HELEN (CONT’D)
        Most come in here with little more 
        than the sixty dollars the state 
        gave them. We don't have much room 
        because we don't need much room. I 
        hope this is a suitable quarter for 
        you.

               WILLIE
        It's a little bit more a dime than 
        a quarter. But it does me fine.

She smiles. Willie drops bags. Drags out cot. Pushes it flat.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

                                        12.

He unpacks wadded up shirts, notebooks, a worn-out copy of 
Cormac McCarthy's "Outer Dark." He sets his dice on the 
window sill. Reaches in journal, sets the dice on top of it. 
Helen makes her way to the window sill, picks up the dice.

               SISTER HELEN
        She sees these? She'll take them. 
        Cards too. If it looks like Vegas, 
        she'll make sure its stays out 
        there and not in here.

               WILLIE
        Sister Ratchet?

               SISTER HELEN
        Yes. I mean-Sister Agatha. I know 
        how important these are to you.

               WILLIE

        Do you?

Helen picks up the picture. Runs her fingers over a necklace 
the little girl wears.

               SISTER HELEN
        You see my daddy was a big fan. He 
        gave me a necklace just like this 
        one here.

               WILLIE
        Your daddy knows music and jewelry.

               SISTER HELEN
        I could get you a frame to put this 
        in, so it doesn't blow away or slip 
        through the cracks.

Willie stops unpacking, turns to her.

               WILLIE
        That'd be nice. Real nice.

She sets the picture down.

               SISTER HELEN
        Well, Mister James. Dinner at six.

               WILLIE
        Sister? You got my name right the 
        first time.

Willie raises his eyebrows at her with disapproval.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED: (2)

               SISTER HELEN
        Sorry. 'Willie'.

               WILLIE

        Better.

                                        13.

Helen nods, makes her way out. Willie continues unpacking.

INT. DINING HALL - NIGHT

The room looks like a school cafeteria. No windows. All 
white. Lights dim. Residents sit on long table. Empty plates.

LEO, mid-twenties, a plump young priest in residence, tongs 
chicken breasts to each resident, plate by plate. Sets 
chicken breast onto Willie's plate. 

Willie picks up his fork and knife, begins to cut. Next to 
Willie, MICK, greasy petite man, mid-forties, grabs hold of 
Willie's wrist to stop him from eating.

               MICK
        I wouldn't do that.

               WILLIE
        Look. You a small fella. This ain't 
        the joint. Eat your own damn food.

Willie forks a small piece of chicken into his mouth.

               MICK
        Supposed to wait on her.

DOOR BURSTS OPEN. Agatha marches in. Takes head of the table.

               AGATHA
        Gentlemen. My apologies. There was 
        a small issue at the school. 
        Anyway. Shall we-

Agatha scans the table. Willie's fork and knife lie on his 
plate with part of the chicken gone.

               AGATHA (CONT’D)
        Apparently, our new resident, 
        Mister James, believes he can eat 
        before grace is said. Anyone else 
        okay with that?

Everyone remains silent.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

                                        14.

               AGATHA (CONT’D)
        We have a rule of thumb. Those who 
        eat before the food is blessed, 
        bless the kitchen with their 
        services when dinner is done.    
        Now. Everyone bow your heads.

Mick shrugs his shoulders at Willie. All men bow.

INT. DINING HALL - LATER

In a white apron, Willie grits his teeth. Stacks dirty plates 
and used utensils, carries them away.

INT. KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS

Several nuns in aprons put way pots. Mop floors. Willie 
carries in the stack of plates. Sets them by the sink. Grabs 
a dish. Dunks it in soapy water. Scrubs it with a brush. 

A boxy object sticks out behind his apron pocket. Reaches in. 
Pulls out Marlboros. Sets them on the counter next to him.

A wrinkled hand plucks them off the counter. It's Agatha. She 
puts them in her pocket. Strolls on through.

Leo brings another stack of plates before Willie.

               WILLIE
        Tell me something, Son. Is she 
        always like that?

               LEO
        She has her own way of doing 
        things. And it's 'Father'. Not son.

               WILLIE

        Father?

Leo hands Willie a dish. Willie dunks in the water.

               LEO
        Priest-in-residence.

               WILLIE
        You not older than seventeen.

               LEO
        Twenty-six. 'Father' works. 
        'Reverend' will do, too.

Willie hands washed plate to Leo. He dries it with a towel.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

                                        15.

               LEO (CONT’D)
        So how did you come to find himself 
        here, being who you are?

               WILLIE
        I guess the state wasn’t quite 
        ready to let me go for ‘nother six 
        months. So I’m here.

               LEO

        For?

               WILLIE
        They told us comin’ here was a 
        clean slate. No more remembering 
        what we’d done or who we’d wronged.

               LEO
        Fair enough. Any family?

               WILLIE
        A daughter. Ava. She’s my world.

               LEO
        Is that right?

Willie nods, sets down a dish.

               WILLIE
        Yeah, she just brings everything 
        into focus. Makes it clear.

               LEO
        I know what that’s like.

               WILLIE
        You have kids?

Leo laughs, gestures to his Priestly collar.

               LEO
        I meant the part about clarity.

               WILLIE
        That’s your world?

               LEO
        Not the collar itself, but what it 
        represents. Though there are some 
        who make the collar their world and 
        in doing so, miss its point.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED: (2)

               WILLIE
        So...‘Father’, apparently you know 
        my name. Got one besides ‘Father’?

                                        16.

               LEO
        Leo Gavrilli.

               WILLIE

        Gavrilli?

               LEO
        Italian. From the Hebrew ‘Gabriel’.

Willie puts out his wet hand to Leo. The young man wipes off 
his before meeting Willie with his. They shake.

Leo nods, smiles.

INT. LIVING QUARTERS - NIGHT

Men in towels come to and from the shower. Handful already 
asleep in bed. Group sits at a table in the corner playing 
UNO. Willie comes to his isolated bedside. 

On the window sill nearby, his daughter's picture stands now 
in a fresh new frame next to the dice. 

Willie smirks. Picks it up.

INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT

Just outside the bunk room, a line has formed behind a pay 
phone with Willie next in line. RESIDENT 1 on the line.

               RESIDENT 1
        I love you, too, sweetie. Night.

Resident hangs up. Willie steps up. Searches through his 
pockets, puts in a quarter. Dials. It RINGS.

               JANIS (O.S.)

        Hello?

               WILLIE
        Hey. Told you I would call.

               JANIS (O.S.)
        You don't have to keep checking in.

               WILLIE
        Wanted to make sure we was all set 
        for tomorrow.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

Willie leans his head against the pay phone. 

                                        17.

               JANIS (O.S.)
        Willie. I been thinkin' about it 
        all day. And...

               WILLIE

        Yeah?

               JANIS (O.S.)
        I'm not comin'. We're not comin'. 
        We don't plan on comin'.

Willie pulls phone away. Grits teeth. Clenches the phone as 
if ready to throw it. Calms himself. Puts it back to his ear.

               WILLIE
        What changed-

               JANIS (O.S.)
        You still owe us five grand.

               WILLIE
        You know I don't have five grand. I 
        been locked up.

               JANIS (O.S.)
        And if you weren't, you'd have it. 
        Just not good for Ava.

               WILLIE
        No, it's not good for you. Right?

Willie scratches his head, turns to the long line of 
exhausted faces waiting their turn.

               JANIS (O.S.)
        You been coming in and out her life 
        for too long now. I should've 
        stopped it some time ago.

               WILLIE

        Janis-

               JANIS (O.S.)
        Pay your debts. Then we'll talk. 

               WILLIE

        Janis-

The line CLICKS. Goes DEAD. Willie slams the phone on the 
hook. Willie gestures one-finger to the waiting line.    
Picks phone back off the hook. Slings quarter in. Dials.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED: (2)

RINGS twice. 

                                        18.

Two fingers hit the hook. The money CLICKS through. The 
fingers belong to ADRIENNE, broad-shouldered, Hulk of man.  
He holds a quarter in his hand.

               ADRIENNE
        You got your one call. My turn.

Willie scratches his brow.

               WILLIE
        You just wasted my quarter.

               ADRIENNE
        Should've known the rules.

               WILLIE
        Is that how you see it?

Adrienne nods.

               WILLIE (CONT’D)
        The way I see, you owe me a 
        quarter. So I'll take yours.

Willie reaches for the Adrienne's quarter in his hand. The 
larger man pulls his hand back away from Willie. Adrienne 
takes a step towards him.

               ADRIENNE
        How I see it. I owe you nothin'.

GUARD 1 approaches, sees the escalating situation. 

               GUARD 1
        Hey. You two. Onto bed. Both of you 
        are done making calls tonight.

               ADRIENNE
        I hadn't made my call yet.

               GUARD 1
        Don't give a shit, Adrienne. Get 
        your ass in bed. The Misses ain't 
        hearing from you tonight.

Willie fake smiles to the guard, nods. Bumps passed Adrienne, 
who glares. Next resident in line steps up to the pay phone.

                                        19.

INT. COMMUNITY SHOWERS - NIGHT

Each shower stands divided by small walls built for minor 
privacy. Willie removes his towel, turns the knob.

INT. LIVING QUARTERS - NIGHT

Willie scrubs towel over his wet hair in bedtime boxers and a 
tank-T. Strolls to his bedside. Nearly everyone in bed now.

               GUARD 1 (O.S.)
        Lights out.

The lights flick off. Room goes dark. 

On window sill, dice and frame nowhere to be seen.           
He crouches down. Finds the dice up on the floor. Snatches 
them up and sets them on the sill. 

The frame also lies face down. Picks it up as well. The glass 
on the frame bears a large crack top to bottom.

Willie rises, scan room to find a culprit with no one awake. 
He sees Mick at the nearest bunk to him. Shakes him awake.

               WILLIE
        Mick, isn't it?

Groggy-faced, Mick blinks his eyes awake.

               WILLIE (CONT’D)
        Who the hell did this?

               MICK

        What?

Willie points to the crack in the frame.

               WILLIE
        This line wasn't there when I went 
        to shower and now it is there.

               MICK
        Damned if I know. I been sleeping. 
        So if you'll excuse me.

Mick rolls over back to sleep.

Willie sets down the frame on the bed. Scrubs his hair dry. 
Grabs jeans off the floor, throws on a jacket. 

Cracks open the window. WINDOW SQUEAKS. Mick peeks over.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

               MICK (CONT’D)
        What the hell you doing?

                                        20.

Willie just gives him a nod. Raises the window all the way, 
climbs out into the bushes. Slides it back down shut.

INT. 7/11 GAS STATION - NIGHT

CLERK hands CUSTOMER his change. 

               CLERK
        Have a good day.

Customer takes his sack and goes. 

Willie steps up to the counter.

               WILLIE
        Marlboros and two scratch-offs. 
        Give me change in quarters.

Clerk grabs the cigarettes and the lotto ticket, slides them 
across the counter. Willie opens his wallet. Hands him a ten. 
Clerk opens register, hands Willie ones and a few quarters.

               WILLIE (CONT’D)
        Where's the pay phone?

               CLERK
        Backside of the building.

Willie snatches up pack and the ticket, heads to the door.

EXT. MOTEL 6 - NIGHT

Room 109. 

Willie steps up to the door, knocks. Waits a moment.

The door opens. 

A scruffy, bald man buttons his shirt, nods. An awkward 
silence. The man excuses himself passed Willie. Leaves.

Willie peaks into the room. 

INT. MOTEL 6 - ROOM 109 - CONTINUOUS

ISLA, early-forties, sits at the edge of the bed. Numb and 
hypnotized to the 'DALLAS' on TV. Doesn't notice him come in.

               WILLIE

        Isla.

                                    (CONTINUED)

                                        21.

CONTINUED:

She turns her head to him, expressionless.

               ISLA
        Hey, Willie.

               WILLIE
        Took me a whole twenty minutes to 
        get here. Long walk.

He forces a smile. She turns her head back to the TV.

               WILLIE (CONT’D)
        Well. Gotta use the head.

Willie goes to the bathroom, closes door behind him.

INT. MOTEL 6 - ROOM 109 - LATER

Willie lays naked under covers. Isla smokes a cigarette, 
focused on her show.

               ISLA
        It's two-hundred. In twenties.

               WILLIE
        Yeah. I remember. Would I forget? 

               ISLA
        You have before. Don't even try 
        again or I'll sick the dogs on ya.

She sips cigarette, gets up. Bathroom door shuts behind her.

Willie lifts the covers off, careful not to make noise. 
Tiptoes across the room. Slides on pants. Tosses on shirt. 
Grabs hat. Heads to door. 

Toilet flushes.

He freezes. Willie glances at door, frowns, feeling guilty.

Door opens. Isla steps out. 

He sits back down.

She washes her hands, cups water onto her face. Faucet goes 
off. Wipes her face with a nearby towel.

               WILLIE
        Isla? To be honest. I ain't got but 
        sixty-dollars to me.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

                                        22.

She slides the towel away from her face, revealing a face 
about to explode. Willie bites his lip, scrambling. 

               WILLIE (CONT’D)

        But I-uh-

Out of nowhere, a light bulb goes off for Willie..

               WILLIE (CONT’D)
        Oh, but wait. I do have this.

Willie reaches in his pant pocket, pulls out the gold watch. 
She takes the watch, studies it.

               ISLA
        Is it real?

               WILLIE
        Sure is. Had a jeweler check it out 
        and everything. Hundred years old.

She nods approvingly.

               ISLA

        Deal.

Willie breathes easy, smiles, relieved.

EXT. MOTEL 6 - PAY PHONE - NIGHT

On a dark side of the building, Willie quarter scratches off 
the ticket against the pay phone glass. 

Number now visible, he studies them. Anxious. Hopeful 

After a moment, he shakes his head. Crumples up ticket.

He pulls the phone off the hook. Slides the same quarter in. 
Dials. It RINGS. He rests the phone between his ear and 
shoulder. Pulls cigarette from pack, lights it.

               MAN'S VOICE

               WILLIE

               MAN'S VOICE

        Hello?

        Hey.

        Willie?

Willie pulls the cigarette from his mouth, exhales.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

                                        23.

               WILLIE
        Can you meet?

               MAN'S VOICE

        Right now?

               WILLIE
        At the Waffle & Steak.

Willie pulls phone away from his ear, sees his hand also 
holds the crumpled up ticket as well. 

Tosses ticket aside. Picks the other one out of his pocket. 

INT. WAFFLE & STEAK - NIGHT

Willie sips coffee at a booth alone. The door swings open. 

PERRY, sharp, mid-forties, suit, glasses, folder in hand, 
rushes through. Willie stands up to greet him. 

               WILLIE

        Perry.

Willie embraces him with a big hug. Perry arms stay open, 
about to tip over from the embrace, taken back by it.

               PERRY
        It's good to see you, too.

               WILLIE
        Been so long since I seen a 
        friendly face.

Willie lets go. They sit. Perry slides folder to him. 

               PERRY
        Our new contract. Same as always. 
        Basic. Says I'm your manager. All 
        it needs is your signature.

Perry hands him a pen. Willie flips to the last page, signs. 
Slides it back across the table. Perry puts it away.

The waitress comes by with a pot of coffee.

               PERRY (CONT’D)
        Just coffee's good for me.

She turns over his mug, pours. Perry nabs five sweet'n'lows 
and four creamers off the rack. She leaves. He pours them 
into his coffee. Offers the rack to Willie. 

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

                                        24.

               WILLIE
        Hate artificial shit. Straight. 
        Black. If sweet? Only real sugar.

               PERRY
        I can't drink it any other way.

Perry sips.

               WILLIE
        You been keepin' that ear to the 
        ground for me?

               PERRY
        Yes. And right now, no stampeding.

               WILLIE
        They think I'm trouble.

               PERRY
        The labels keep their ear to the 
        ground, too. At least they think.

               WILLIE
        What's that mean?

               PERRY
        They think you're old. To be 
        honest, you haven't given me 
        anything new in what? Five years?

Willie sinks back in his chair, sighs.

               WILLIE
        I been locked up the last three.

               PERRY
        And nothing in all that time?

Willie reaches into his pocket, pulls out his cigarettes. 
Lights one. Smokes it. Shakes his head. 

Perry bites his lip.

               PERRY (CONT’D)
        Have you heard from Janis?

               WILLIE
        She won't see me. I'm five Gs in 
        the hole with her.

               PERRY

        And Ava?

                                    (CONTINUED)

                                        25.

CONTINUED: (2)

               WILLIE
        She won't let me see her, neither.

               PERRY
        Did she say that?

               WILLIE
        They was 'posed to come tomorrow.

Willie taps the cigarette on the ashtray.

               WILLIE (CONT’D)
        I need money, Perry. Some sort of 
        advance. Or loan? Something.

Perry sighs, slides off his glasses, rubs his temple.

               PERRY
        Look. Lets aim for a publishing 
        deal with a label. But I need 
        songs, Willie. If you're talking 
        money, that's where its at. 

               WILLIE
        Got no privacy at the place I'm at 
        right now. Having to do a job, got 
        no time to write during the day.

Willie sips away at his cigarette. Perry scratches forehead. 
Perry's eyes light up. Something comes to mind.

               PERRY
        Hey. What if you come work for me? 

               WILLIE
        You're shittin' me?

               PERRY
        I'll give you minimum. Sit in my 
        office. Write all day. Deal comes? 
        I pay myself back. You've a payday.

Willie nods to the idea.

               WILLIE
        I wouldn't be wasting my day away.

               PERRY
        It'd give us time to get your 
        career on track now instead of 
        waiting six months to a year.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED: (3)

               WILLIE
        I like it. I like it a lot.

                                        26.

Willie exhales smoke, taps the cigarette on the ashtray.

EXT. HALFWAY HOUSE - NIGHT

Willie creeps up to the window climbed out. Tries to pull up 
on it, but it won't budge. Locked. He moves to the next one 
to it. Pries at it. Locked.

               WILLIE

        Shit.

He moves to a nearby side door. Rattles the knob. 

Lunges with his shoulder. Nothing. 

INT. HALFWAY HOUSE - HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS

GUARD 1 charges down the dark hall with Agatha behind him. 
She just woke up, in a head-cover, ties her nightgown.

               AGATHA
        How long he's been gone?

               GUARD 1
        I did checks five minutes ago.     
        He wasn't there.

THUNDEROUS BANGS come from outside. Both halt to the sounds.

               GUARD 1 (CONT’D)
        What was that?

Agatha follows them to window at hallways end. Guard follows.

AGATHA'S POV - WINDOW

Willie gives up. Steps away from the door. 

BACK TO SCENE

               GUARD 1 (CONT’D)
        I'll go get him. 

               AGATHA

               GUARD 1

        No.

        No?

Agatha grins.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

                                        27.

               AGATHA
        Leave him. Thanks for notifying me.

Agatha nods, heads back down hallway, leaves guard behind.

               GUARD 1
        What should I do then?

Far down the hallway, Agatha disappears into the darkness. 

               AGATHA (O.S.)
          (yelling)
        He can camp out for tonight. Let 
        him in, in the morning. Good night.

Guard shrugs his shoulders.

EXT. HALFWAY HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

Willie sits on nearby steps, resting. He reaches for a 
cigarette in his jacket pocket, lights it.

Out of nowhere, swanky MUSIC RISES in the distance. 

Willie perks up.

WILLIE'S POV

Across the street, full parking lot at the Jagged Spur Cafe. 
People come in and out. Some drunk. Some looking to. 

BACK TO SCENE

Willie stands to his feet.

INT. JAGGED SPUR - NIGHT

Patrons pack the smoky atmosphere. People drink their worries 
away. Women perched on men's laps. Howls of laughter fill the 
air. A band on stage rocks a hard southern sound the Allman 
Brothers would be proud to claim as their own.

Willie steps in the door. Takes in the ambiance. Smirks. The 
sort of environment sacred to him.

BAR

Willie pushes his way through a crowd. Takes a seat.

BARTENDER comes over.

               BARTENDER
        What'll it be?

                                    (CONTINUED)

                                        28.

CONTINUED:

               WILLIE

        Whiskey.

Bartender pours.

               WILLIE (CONT’D)
        Who's the band?

               BARTENDER
        Midnight Drifters. Willie James 
        tribute band.

Willie chuckles.

               WILLIE
        Is that right?

Bartender moves on to other customers.

DRUNK PATRON rams into bar. Bottle from his hand. Collides 
with Willie's glass. Drinks SHATTER to the ground behind the 
bar. Patron gathers himself, slams a five on the table.

               DRUNK PATRON
        Dicky? Another beer?

               WILLIE
        You gonna get me another whiskey?

Drunk Patron turns to Willie, recognizes him.

               DRUNK PATRON
        Get the-Holy shit. I know you. You 
        Willie James, aren't you?

Willie grins. Patron puts out another five on the counter.

               DRUNK PATRON (CONT’D)
        That first album. Stowaway? Was the 
        fuckin' Jones, man. Kicked-ass. 

               WILLIE

        Thank you.

Bartender comes by. Shakes his head at the mess. Puts two 
fresh drinks on the bar. Drunk Patron swigs his beer.

               DRUNK PATRON
        They tributin' the hell out of your 
        last album up there.

               WILLIE
        They sure tryin'.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED: (2)

Willie sips his whiskey.

                                        29.

               DRUNK PATRON
        My ears can actually tolerate that 
        shit they way they play it.

               WILLIE

        'Scuse me?

               DRUNK PATRON
        That last record? Might as well 
        have scraped a chalkboard.

               WILLIE
        Is that right? 

               DRUNK PATRON
        Hell yeah. I got tired of hearing 
        you beat a twice-dead dog whining 
        about some bitch named Ava.

Willie clenches grip around his glass at the edge of fury.

               DRUNK PATRON (CONT’D)
        Man up. Like that old song you 
        wrote. "Get a Move On," is it?  
        Stop being a pussy and leave the 
        bitch behind. Am I right?

Patron toasts his bottle to Willie's glass. Sips.

In a flash, Willie jumps up. Snatches bottle. Slams it over 
Patron's skull. The man collapses.

Patron groans on the floor.

Willie nods to bartender. Throws a couple dollars on the 
counter. Takes the last bit of whiskey, drains it. 

Willie moves to door.

Patron picks himself up. Groggy.

He charges Willie to the ground.

In a wrestling match, the two roll across the floor. 

Willie rolls up. His knees pins Patron's arms. Onslaughts 
vicious punch after punch.

Out of nowhere, someone else tackles Willie off the Patron.

                                        30.

EXT. JAGGED SPUR

Blue and red lights swirl. A large crowd looks on as COP 1 
escorts a handcuffed Willie into the back seat.

INT. JAIL CELL - NIGHT

Willie sits in a dark corner of the cell alone. The shadows 
of the bars cover his face. 

The bars slide away. Light now illuminates his face.

INT. AGATHA'S OFFICE - NIGHT

The morning twilight hours.

Willie sits slouched in a chair alone in a dark room.

Light flicks on. Agatha enters. Seats herself at her desk 
across from Willie. In her hand she holds the framed picture 
and his dice. Sets them down.

               AGATHA

        Well.

Agatha raises her eyebrows at Willie. Silence prolongs. The 
two stare each other down.

               AGATHA (CONT’D)
        Men have snuck out at night before- 

               WILLIE
        It wasn't without good intentions.

               AGATHA
        -but I don't recall anyone dumb 
        enough to on the first night.

               WILLIE
          (tight-lipped)
        Like I said, I'm real sorry.

Agatha grimaces.

               AGATHA
        You're sorry?

               WILLIE
        Just said I was.

               AGATHA
        Real apologies are not words. Words 
        are but the beginning.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

                                        31.

She picks up the frame and dice, opens her desk drawer, drop 
them inside. Slides it shut.

               WILLIE
        You took my things?

               AGATHA
        Because they represent a life that 
        lacks contrition. 

She chuckles at herself, locks the drawer.

               WILLIE
        Well, it's just-I kinda assumed I'd 
        be getting sent back.

               AGATHA
        That is an option. However, it'd be 
        a scuff on an unblemished record 
        for me, which is besides the point. 
        But I'm just not quite sure another 
        stint in prison would do you good.

She gestures through the door window.

               AGATHA (CONT’D)
        I spoke with your P.O. and the 
        judge. Granted they don't like 
        being woken up this time of night. 

        And?

               WILLIE

               AGATHA
        You don't have a job yet. So you'll 
        work here indefinitely. Everyday. 
        Sunrise to sundown.

Willie sits up straight, leans forward.

               WILLIE
        Well, I got a job, Miss Sister.

               AGATHA
        With me, yes. Yes, you do. And you 
        will be restricted from having any 
        outside jobs or visitations. And 
        you are now allowed no visitors.

               WILLIE

        Bullshit.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED: (2)

                                        32.

               AGATHA
        I'd watch my language if I were 
        you. If the state doesn't like my 
        employers report at the end of your 
        term, you will be going back.

               WILLIE
        You don't understand-

Agatha stands to her feet.

               AGATHA
        How foolish of me for thinking 
        you'd be relieved and that I 
        perhaps even did you a favor.

               WILLIE
        I need the job I got.

 Willie jumps up from his seat.

               AGATHA
        The judicial system has ordered you 
        confined to these premises for the 
        next six months, Mister James.

Agatha heads to the door.

               AGATHA (CONT’D)
        If you don’t like it, parole 
        violation charges can be issued 
        instead. Whatever job you think 
        have is irrelevant, Mister James. 
        You’re mine now.

He grits his teeth, red-faced, ready to punch something.

               AGATHA (CONT’D)
        Be in the garden at six a.m. 
        There's some uprooting needs done. 
        Have a good night.

Agatha rushes out the door.

INT. BUNK ROOM - NIGHT

Everyone sleeps. Willie sits wide awake at edge of the bed. 
He holds his closed journal in his hand.

INSERT - THE JOURNAL COVER, which reads, "Book for Songs"

He flips through pages. Mostly empty. Barren. Some start with 
a phrase or two, but nothing more. Nothing but a dry well.

                                        33.

EXT. CHURCH GARDEN - DAY

On the church’s backside. Graffittied brick walls. The 
remains of a flower bed lines the walls. A lawn in the 
center. Tall weeds. No plants. Untouched by human hands for a 
long time.

Leo carries a trash bin, leads Willie out to the garden. 

               LEO
        Sleep well?

               WILLIE
        Not a wink. You?

               LEO
        I used to never sleep well. Toss. 
        Turn. Night after night. Now, not a 
        night goes by where that happens.

Willie nods, smirking. Leo comes to a stop, slams bin down, 
surveys the cluttered mess of growth choked out. 

               LEO (CONT’D)
        There was a drought last summer. 
        Agatha normally took care of this, 
        but she was sick the whole season.

               WILLIE

        Sick?

               LEO
        Yeah. In and out of the hospital. 
        Not sure what. She wouldn't tell 
        anyone. Recovered in full, though. 

               WILLIE
        So tell me. Is she human?

               LEO
        Popular question. I think Father 
        Devine is the only one that 
        completely knows that side of her.

               WILLIE

        Yeah?

               LEO
        One night, he told me a little more 
        than he should've. One of those 
        late-night conversations, you know? 

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

               WILLIE
        What he say?

                                        34.

               LEO
        Believe it or not. Once upon a time 
        she was mother. 

               WILLIE
        You putting me on?

               LEO
        No. Long, long time ago. She was 
        young. But lost him when he was 
        three. Drowned in a pool. Wasn't a 
        few years later she was a nun.
        Sad I know.

Leo reaches into the bin.

               LEO (CONT’D)
        So...you ever done this before?

               WILLIE

        Never.

Leo pulls out garden shovel and two pairs of yellow gloves, 
hands one pair to Willie.

Leo puts on his own pair of gloves.

               LEO
        For "every plant My heavenly father 
        did not plant shall be uprooted." 
        Pull up all the weeds and then 
        we'll plant good seeds.

               WILLIE
        Why not just some weed killer?

               LEO
        A stray dog comes around likes to 
        eat them. So we have to do it. At 
        times he actually does the job, but 
        others he eats them completely.

Leo grabs low at the base of a weed.

               LEO (CONT’D)
        Grab as a close to the base as 
        possible. Wiggle, but don’t pull.

He shakes the weed to loosen it, digs with the other hand.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED: (2)

                                        35.

               LEO (CONT’D)
        Dig out the dirt a bit if you like. 
        If you pull immediately it’ll 
        resist, break, and then the roots 
        won’t come up. Disarm it first.

The young man wiggles a bit more, then yanks up the weed 
followed by a long trail of dirty roots 

               LEO (CONT’D)
        And Voila! Toss it in the bin.

Hands it to Willie. Willie throws it in. Leo stands up.

               LEO (CONT’D)
        Well. Must be on my way.

               WILLIE
        Not sticking around?

               LEO
        Nope. I have class.

               WILLIE
        You're in school?

               LEO
        Teaching. Third grade art. Not 
        quite the level of this high-brow 
        graffiti, but they do their best.

Leo moves out.

               LEO (CONT’D)

        Enjoy.

Willie slides on the gloves. 

Crouches into the weeds. Pulls one by one.

INT. ST. FRANCIS CATHOLIC CHURCH - BATHROOM - DAY

Helen comes out the stall, makes her way to the sink. Her 
head down, she turns on the faucet. Water runs.

Her attention caught by the window. Turns off faucet.

Steps to the window.

HELEN'S POV

Willie works the garden, digging and replanting.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

BACK TO SCENE

                                        36.

Helen turns away, only to catch herself in the mirror. 

She looks at herself, turns her face in the mirror as if 
getting prettied up. Pushes her hand up against the backside 
of her head pretending her hair flows out and about.

               AGATHA (O.S.)
        What're you doing?

Agatha stands in the doorway. 

Helen quick gasps. Caught by surprise. Composes herself.

               HELEN
        Oh, Reverend Mother.

               AGATHA
        Admiring yourself?

               HELEN
        No-no-not at all.

               AGATHA
        Then what were you doing?

               HELEN
        I was just-I-I don't know. I don't 
        know what I was doing.

               AGATHA
        You know this rest room is off 
        limits to you.

               HELEN
        Yes, yes I know.

               AGATHA
        And you know why it is, correct?

Helen nods.

               AGATHA (CONT’D)
        For reasons like this one. Don't 
        let me catch you again.

               HELEN

        Yes.

Helen rushes past Agatha, but stops shy of exiting.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED: (2)

                                        37.

               HELEN (CONT’D)
        If I may ask, Reverend Mother, what 
        were you doing in here?

               AGATHA
        The window. It allows me to best 
        check up on Mister James.

               HELEN

        Oh.

Helen rushes out.

INT. RECREATION ROOM - DAY

The men of the house all in a circle of plastic chairs with 
closed Bibles in hand. Agatha takes a seat in a black metal 
chair. One empty seat remains directly across from her.

               AGATHA
        Good late afternoon, Gentlemen. I'm 
        certain everyone did the reading.

Door bursts open. Willie drags in, dirty from outside.

               AGATHA (CONT’D)
        Mister James. You're late.

               WILLIE
        No one bothered tellin' me we was 
        supposed to be in here.

               AGATHA
        Every Wednesday before dinner. 
        There's a calendar posted inside 
        the bunk room. 

Willie takes a seat at the remaining chair. Mick next to him.

               AGATHA (CONT’D)
        Did you bring your Bible?

               WILLIE
        Bible? No, I guess I forgot it.

               AGATHA
        Where'd you leave it?

               WILLIE
        In my room.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

               AGATHA
        Well, I'm sure Mick won't mind 
        sharing his with you.

                                        38.

Mick inches his chair close to Willie. Agatha opens Bible.

               AGATHA (CONT’D)
        Before you open your Bibles. Any 
        thoughts on this week's passage?

Willie's eye wander, sucks on his teeth. The rest of the room 
keeps full attention at Agatha.

               AGATHA (CONT’D)
        Mister James?

               WILLIE

        Yes?

               AGATHA
        The passage. What did you think?

               WILLIE
        It was...it was...a real doozy.

               AGATHA
        Care to expand on that?

               WILLIE
        Well, I mean-you know-the man-he 
        did what the good Lord told him to.

Agatha gently closes her Bible.

        Which man?

        Jesus?

               AGATHA

               WILLIE

               AGATHA
        Mister James. I get the impression 
        you didn't do this week's reading.

               WILLIE
        To be honest, Miss Ratch-er-Sister 
        Agatha-I didn't much know we was 
        'posed to do reading.

Willie scratches his head.

               AGATHA
        You didn't know?

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED: (2)

               WILLIE

        Nope.

                                        39.

               AGATHA
        I see. So I am going to assume then 
        that you are not hungry.

               WILLIE
        Hungry? Well it is almost dinner 
        time, so I'm gettin' there.

               AGATHA
        Hungry for the Word. And if you 
        aren't, that means physical food 
        would do you no good.

               WILLIE

        'Scuse me?

               AGATHA
        As we see it, those who don't 
        spiritually nourish have little 
        need to be physically nourished.

               WILLIE
        I'm highly doubtin' anyone else 
        here see it that way.

Agatha smirks, scans around the room for fellow mutineers. 

               AGATHA
          (to the men)
        Anyone here agree with Mister 
        James? Please. Raise a hand.

Willie raises hand in agreement. No else joins him.

               WILLIE
        Come on. Really? Someone.

The men keep their heads down.

               AGATHA
        You see, these men understand what 
        I do here goes beyond helping them 
        get reacquainted with society.

Willie grits his teeth, shakes his head.

               AGATHA (CONT’D)
        Now, Mister James, you are excused.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED: (3)

               WILLIE

        Huh?

               AGATHA
        And you are also forbidden from 
        entering the commissary for the 
        rest of the night. No go. Go.

                                        40.

Willie hesitates, grits hit teeth, gets up, storms out. Slams 
the door with a THUNDEROUS RATTLE.

Agatha gives a smug smile to the men.

               AGATHA (CONT’D)
        Where were we?

She opens her Bible back up.

INT. BUNK ROOM - NIGHT

Its quiet. All the beds empty. Everyone gone.

On his bed, Willie tunes his guitar leaned against the wall. 
His face still dirty from a day's work.

Chatter rises. Men file in from dinner. 

Mick comes to Willie's side. Carries a bag. Unzips. Hands out 
a saran wrapped plate. Chicken, green beans, and a roll. 
Hands Willie a plastic fork and knife.

               MICK
        I snuck one out.

Willie sets guitar aside, sits up. He unwraps food. Digs in.

               MICK (CONT’D)
        Playing something new there?

               WILLIE
        Tuning my guitar.

Willie gags.

               WILLIE (CONT’D) (CONT'D)
        These green beans like rubber. Why 
        is it what's good for you always 
        taste like shit?

Willie keeps chewing. Mick lifts guitar, strums broken sound.

               MICK
        Still out of tune.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

                                        41.

               WILLIE
        Just gettin at it when you came in.

Mick continues strum. The strings release complete chaos.  

               MICK
        Geez. When was the last time you 
        tuned the damn thing?

               WILLIE
        Just put that where you found it.

Mick stops strumming. Raises eyebrows, taken aback. 
Reluctantly nods. Places guitar back where it was.

               MICK
        You know I was hoping you'd take a 
        listen to a couple songs.

               WILLIE
        That why you brought me dinner?

               MICK
        Well, I do write a lot. I sing. And 
        I play, too.

               WILLIE
        We in Nashville. Who doesn't?

               MICK
        Not sure where we are counts as 
        Nashville. If this city has an ass 
        crack, we somewhere near the hole.

Willie scoots the green beans aside. Cuts into chicken.

               WILLIE
        Tell you what, soldier. I owe the 
        ex some money. You help me figure 
        out how to pay that and I'll pass 
        your stuff along.

Willie chews up food, looks up, grins with a mouthful.

               MICK
        I got a friend at the dog racing 
        park down in Memphis. Fixes the 
        races to make quick bucks.

               WILLIE
        It'd be bad luck to make track bets 
        and not be there.

                                    (CONTINUED)

                                        42.

CONTINUED: (2)

               MICK
        That's about the stupidest thing I 
        ever heard.

Willie stops his meal, points the fork at Mick.

               WILLIE
        I'm not trustin' no bookies if I 
        ain't there to collect.

Mick raises his hands in surrender. Drops them back down.

Across the room, RESIDENT 2 jumps up from table where four 
residents sit. He hoists a single card into the air.

               RESIDENT 2

        UNO!

Collective groans from the table.

Willie shakes his head, amused. Cuts more chicken.

Mick's eyes wide, realizing something.

               MICK
        We used to run a card game at 
        night. Real cards. The old wind bag 
        never knew. You play?

Willie stops cutting.

INT. BASEMENT - NIGHT

A center light on surrounded by dark over a round table where 
Willie, Mick, and a few boys pulls up chairs and sit.

Willie shuffles the cards. Mick opens up a case of chips, 
divides them out to each player.

               WILLIE

        Hold 'em?

               MICK
        Is there any other way?

Willie smirks, approving. Deals the cards.

Above, the basement door bursts open. Everyone freezes. 

In slow rhythm, boots stomp down slow step by slow step. 

A face emerges.

                                    (CONTINUED)

                                        43.

CONTINUED:

It's Adrienne.

               ADRIENNE
        Too late to join?

Every remains quiet.

Willie breaks the silent.

               WILLIE
        Get a chair. More the players. 
        Bigger the take.

Adrienne moves into the room.

INT. BASEMENT - LATER

Most of the group now out spectate three men left: Willie, 
Adrienne, and VINCENT, early-sixties Latino.

Cigarettte in mouth, Poker-faced Willie studies his cards 
with the kind of diligence only a Priest has with his Bible. 

He slides half his chips in. 

Adrienne studies his cards. 10 of hearts and 9 of spades. 
Taps the table, tight-lipped, likely to throw something. 

               ADRIENNE

        I fold.

Adrienne folds his cards down.

Vincent exhales, folds his cards in.

Willie throws out a pair of threes. All the men groan.

Willie gathers the pot. 

INT. BASEMENT - LATER

An Ace of diamonds, 7 spade, King of hearts, 10 of clubs, all 
on the board. A huge pot of chips in the center. 

Just Willie and Adrienne.

Adrienne's cards read Ace of hearts, 10 of diamonds. He 
studies Willie's coolly calm face for chinks in the armor.

Willie's eyes dart up to meet Adrienne's. 

Adrienne blinks, startled by it, goes back to his cards.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

                                        44.

Willie grins, cigarette between teeth. Takes it from his 
mouth, rests it on the ashtray.

               WILLIE
        Going all in boys.

He scoots all his chips in. Willie taunts a wink at Adrienne. 

               MICK

        Adrienne?

Adrienne swallows, nods, attempting to be confident.         
He pushes all his chips in.

               ADRIENNE
        Four-hundred dollars. This week's 
        paycheck. All in.

He moves his chips in. Beads of sweat drips from his face.

               WILLIE

        Mick?

Mick deals another card onto the board. King of clubs.

               MICK
        What is it, boys?

Adrienne lays out an Ace and a ten. 

               MICK (CONT’D)
        Pair of aces and a pair of tens.

The room dead silent. Everyone waits Willie. Willie chews on 
the corner of his lip, calm, in a zone.

               MICK (CONT’D)

        Willie?

Willie throws one card. Seven diamonds.

               MICK (CONT’D)

        Seven.

He tosses the other card. A King.

The room collectively gasp.

               MICK (CONT’D)
        Three Kings and two sevens beats a 
        pair of Aces and tens.

Willie gathers the pot in.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED: (2)

                                        45.

Adrienne jumps up from his chair, knocking it over. 

Gives laser eyes to Willie, storms out.

Willie pulls his marlboros, gets fresh cigarette. Lights it. 
Mick gathers the cards. The men clear out.

               MICK (CONT’D)
        Thirteen hundred dollars richer and 
        one enemy gained.

               WILLIE
        Money'll do that.

               MICK
        I wouldn't let my money do that. 
        Not to him.

Willie blows smoke.

               WILLIE
        Oh, he just smoke and mirrors.

               MICK
        He'll get you back. He'll find 
        something. Some way.

               WILLIE
        Hey, he lost fair. Sometimes you 
        get burned. Sometimes you burn 
        others. That's gambling.

He taps the cigarette on the ashtray.

INT. AGATHA'S OFFICE - DAY

Agatha stands by the window.

AGATHA'S POV

Outside on the streets below, a jovial old grandmother 
carries her toddler grandson, walking and talking alongside 
her 30s-ish daughter pushing a stroller. The old woman, about 
Agatha's age, makes playful faces at him. He giggles in glee.

BACK TO SCENE

Agatha's eyes veer away from the scene. To the floor. She 
grabs the string on window blinds, but takes one last peak.

               FATHER DEVINE (O.S.)

        Sister?

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

                                        46.

She pulls the string. Blinds fly down. The outside blocked 
from sight. She turns to him, surprised at who she sees.

FATHER PATRICK DEVINE, late-sixties, stands in her doorway.

               AGATHA
        Father Devine? You're back.

               FATHER DEVINE
        Since this morning. The Archbishop 
        had matters for me to attend to.

               AGATHA
        How was your trip?

               FATHER DEVINE
        Good. Needed. I've actually come by 
        to discuss certain matters 
        regarding next weeks carnival.

               AGATHA

        Of course.

               FATHER DEVINE
        It's come to my attention a new 
        resident-a celebrity of sorts-
        arrived just yesterday.

               AGATHA
        The musician. Mister James.

               FATHER DEVINE
        I was hoping we might use him to 
        our benefit.

Agatha raises her eyebrows, confused.

               AGATHA
        Our benefit?

               FATHER DEVINE
        You know how important this fund-
        raiser is to our church every year. 

               AGATHA
        Tithes do us well, too. Though I 
        don't approve of it, so do the 
        bingo nights we hold.

Father Devine moves farther into the room. 

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED: (2)

                                        47.

               FATHER DEVINE 
        As you know, thousands each year 
        show up for this one event.

               AGATHA
        Thousands do. Which baffles me to 
        hear we need more.

               FATHER DEVINE
        Money is tight, Sister. 

Devine takes a deep breath.

               FATHER DEVINE (CONT’D)
        I hesitate to tell you, but there's 
        the possibility our home here is to 
        merge with another Parish.

               AGATHA

        Merge?

               FATHER DEVINE
        It's not for certain.

               AGATHA
        Is this why you were called back?

               FATHER DEVINE 
        I can't say anymore. Sorry, Sister. 
        Mister James wouldn't stop it, but 
        every little bit helps.

Agatha nods in agreement, not looking up at him.

               FATHER DEVINE (CONT’D)
        Reverend Mother. As always, your 
        discretion is appreciated.

               AGATHA
        Yes, Father.

Agatha keeps her eyes to ground, melancholy. 

               FATHER DEVINE

        Mary?

Like a knee-jerk, her eyes dart up at the sound of her name.

               FATHER DEVINE (CONT’D)
        It's always good to see you.

Devine gives a smile. Backs out the door.

                                        48.

EXT. CHURCH GARDEN - DAY 

Late in the day. Sun shine pushes behind a cloudy sky.

The weeds now half gone. Crouched, Willie rises to his feet, 
pressing on his cramped back. Takes heavy breathes. Tosses 
the gloves off into the trash bin now half full of weeds. 

His head perks up. The back pain gone. Something in the 
distance has caught his attention.

WILLIE'S POV

Ahead in the distance, crowd waits at a bus stop. Bus pulls 
in. Doors swings open. The crowd files in, revealing Helen 
alone on the bench. The bus shuts its door, motors on. 

BACK TO SCENE

Willie snickers. Makes his way towards her.

EXT. BUS STOP - CONTINUOUS

Herds of cars fly in both directions. 

Helen reads a hardback book, "New Seeds of Contemplation" by 
Thomas Merton, as if complete silence surrounds her.

Willie approaches.

               WILLIE
        Going somewhere?

Helen looks up from her book.

               WILLIE (CONT’D)
        If I was gonna read, can't say this 
        is the spot I'd pick.

               HELEN
        Silence is my daily. The noise, 
        hustle and bustle. Here's the 
        closest I get to an escape.

               WILLIE
        By the bus stop no less?

She closes her book, motions for him to sit down.

               HELEN
        You know I knew every word to 
        Stowaway on a Train by the time I 
        was four. Still do.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

               WILLIE
        Everyone's favorite.

Willie takes a seat next to her.

               HELEN
        I hear it and smell my father's 
        bourbon or hear that gentle strum 
        of his guitar. 

               WILLIE
        Woke up in the dead of night with 
        that tune. Those words in my head.

               HELEN
        Just awoke and heard it?

               WILLIE
        Like the voice of God. I'm sure you 
        know what that's like.

Helen nods, fakes a smile.

               WILLIE (CONT’D)
        Played it for friends, asked if 
        they heard it. All said 'no'. Year 
        later, seemed the whole world had.

               HELEN
        Do they all come like that?

               WILLIE
        That was one in a million. A gift 
        floatin' out in the sky somewhere. 
        And I just snagged it. First time 
        played it was Birdy's Cafe. Great 
        breakfast. On other side of town.

               HELEN
        Birdy's Cafe? I'll remember it.

Another bus slows to a stop. Doors open.

               WILLIE
        Ever thought about hoppin' on? 

               HELEN

        On...?

               WILLIE
        The bus. That one goes to Atlanta. 
        Maybe enjoy the road for a while?

                                        49.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED: (2)

                                        50.

               HELEN
        No-I-I mean I could never do that. 
        I'm not allowed to.

               WILLIE
        You came here to Saint Ratchet's, 
        so you sound mighty brave to me.

Helen laughs. 

The bus closes its door. Motors on.

               HELEN

        Could you?

Willie grimaces.

               WILLIE
        Looks like we both trapped in 
        places we don't want to be.

               HELEN
        Oh-I want to be here. I chose to be 
        here. I am here.

               WILLIE
        Just cos you choose a path, don't 
        mean you want be on it.

               HELEN
        And you? Did you choose this?

He bites lip. Rises to his feet. Glances up at a cloudy sky.

               WILLIE
        And with that question, I think it 
        best that I be off. 

Willie slides up her bookcover "New Seeds of Contemplation," 
to reveal the hardcover of "Love in the Time of Cholera."

               WILLIE (CONT’D)
        That's some escape you got there.

               HELEN
        How did you?

Willie lets go of cover halfway slid off.

               WILLIE
        Later, Miss Helen.

Willie leaves her. Helen scans around. Slides the cover down.

                                        51.

INT. RECREATION ROOM - DAY

Willie wanders in. In the corner of the room sits a half-
folded ping-pong table. He comes to the table, searches 
around. Picks up a paddle and ball underneath it.

He drops the ball on the table. Bounces. He whacks it.

The folded-side returns his serve. He swings. Air-ball. The 
ball falls to the floor.

               WILLIE

        Damn it.

He serves again. The ball bounces back. 

He hits it. It hits back. In rhythm now. Back and forth.

               LEO (O.S.)
        Always play against yourself?

Willie swings and misses. Leo stands by the door.

               WILLIE
        I had a good thing going.

               LEO
        Pretty competitive myself. I lose 
        at anything? I never blame my 
        opponent. I say I beat myself.

Willie whacks the ball. Back in rhythm.

               LEO (CONT’D)
        I don't want to interrupt. Agatha 
        wants to see you.

Willie hard swings. Misses again. The balls bounces away.   
He turns to Leo, sets the paddle down.

INT. AGATHA'S OFFICE - DAY

Agatha writes at her desk. Her reading glasses hang low on 
her nose. Willie knocks on the door frame.

               AGATHA

        Come in.

Willie drags his feet in. Stands before her desk. She 
continues writing diligently, not glancing up at Willie.

               WILLIE
        You wanted to see me?

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

               AGATHA
          (writing)

        Yes.

Willie waits to hear more, but she remains preoccupied.

                                        52.

               WILLIE

        And...?

               AGATHA
          (eyes on writing)
        We have. 
          (writes)
        An event. 
          (writes)
        Next week. 

Agatha halts her pen, her eyes peek up above her frames.

               AGATHA (CONT’D)
        Father Devine asked for you to be 
        entertainment.

               WILLIE
        Not exactly a monkey.

               AGATHA
        But you are a musician. 

               WILLIE
        What's this event?

               AGATHA
        A carnival. Just a simple yes or no 
        will do just fine.

               WILLIE

        Then no.

               AGATHA
        Alright. That is just fine. 

               WILLIE
        Is that it?

               AGATHA
        All I needed.

Agatha continues writing, pays Willie no more mind. Willie's 
face contorts, confused, not sure if there is more.  

He reluctantly heads for the door.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED: (2)

               AGATHA (CONT’D)
        The garden. It's looking better.

                                        53.

He turns to her. Her head still down. He nods, then leaves.

INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT

Its the middle of the day. On the phone, Willie speaks in mid-
conversation, taps the ping-pong ball against the wall.

               WILLIE
        That ain't quite a lottery ticket.

INT. PERRY'S OFFICE - NIGHT

Perry sits in his corner office chair.

               PERRY
        Well, its real work I've found. If 
        you can just provide the songs. 

INTERCUT CONVERSATION:

               WILLIE

        Who is it?

               PERRY
        A publishing company under RCA. 
        Does it matter? Its work. 

               WILLIE
        Anyone talked about an actual 
        record deal when I'm done here?

               PERRY
        Willie. Lets worry about that in 
        six months. Right now? Buckle in. 
        Focus and put something down.

Perry's secretary rushes in. Hands note to Perry. 

INSERT - NOTE

"Not touching him. Headache. -Chet A."

               WILLIE
        Is this RCA thing for real or are 
        you blowing smoke, Perry?

Perry crumples up the note.

               PERRY
        I think its something real.

                                    (CONTINUED)

                                        54.

CONTINUED:

               WILLIE
        Who'd you talk to over there?

Perry hesitates, sighs.

               PERRY

        Jim Hoch.

               WILLIE
        Jim Hoch's a prune.

               PERRY
        But he's been around it for years, 
        Willie. He knows the business.

In a fit of frustration, Willie launches the ball. It slams 
off one wall into the other.

               WILLIE
        It's not good enough, Perry.

               PERRY
        Well, you haven't written anything 
        new, Willie. So what am I supposed 
        to sell them on? You? Willie James 
        isn't twenty-two years old anymore. 
        Its not the same rodeo it used to 
        be. The competition is younger and 
        better looking. You want to talk 
        prunes? You and I are next. You're 
        pushing fifty. You've done eight 
        albums and sold 13 million records. 
        Karma would say your done. But I'm 
        still trying here.

The ball rolls to Willie, stops at his feet.

               PERRY (CONT’D)
        Look. I'm near broke myself. Have 
        you even touched the strings since 
        we last talked?

               WILLIE
        Once or twice.

               PERRY
        It's gotta be more than that.

               WILLIE
        You more right than you know.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED: (2)

               PERRY
        The next time we talk. I want hear 
        some progress from you. So I can 
        make progress for you. Alright?

                                        55.

               WILLIE
        Yeah. Alright.

               PERRY
        Good. Well, I gotta go.

               WILLIE

        Perry?

Willie picks the ball off the floor.

               WILLIE (CONT’D)
        I'm only forty-six you know.    
        Forty-six years young.

               PERRY
        Well, sometimes I think you're too 
        young. You put enough age on me.

Willie laughs.

               WILLIE
        Talk to you soon.

Perry hangs up.

His whole office now visible, its mostly vacant with a desk 
and an empty bookshelf with packed up boxes surrounding him.

EXT. HALFWAY HOUSE ROOF - DAY

Perched on the ground against the brick ledge, Willie strums 
his guitar. Fiddling. Searching for a tune. Nothing.

He stops strumming. Exhales. Discouraged.

He looks up. Clouds blanket the sky.

EXT. ST. FRANCIS CATHOLIC CHURCH - DAY

Father Devine and Sister Agatha walked side by side down the 
steps of the sanctuary, in mid-conversation, laughing.

                                    (CONTINUED)

                                        56.

CONTINUED:

               FATHER DEVINE
        So the archbishop-this esteemed man 
        none of us had seen crack a smile-
        loses his footing and tumbles down 
        the Galilean mountainside. His robe 
        just absolutely filthy

Agatha covers her mouth, silently laughing.

Willie catches up to them.

               WILLIE

        Scuse me.

They both turn. She is caught off guard.

               SISTER AGATHA

        Hello-

               WILLIE
        Was hoping for a word.

               SISTER AGATHA

        About?

               WILLIE
        Thought I'd be that monkey.

               FATHER DEVINE
        And you are-

               WILLIE

        I'm-

Agatha cuts him off.

               SISTER AGATHA
        This is one of our residents.

               FATHER DEVINE
        And which resident is that?

               SISTER AGATHA
        He's been doing all the yard work, 
        fixing up the garden.

               FATHER DEVINE
        Hoping for a name-

               SISTER AGATHA
        Mister James.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED: (2)

               FATHER DEVINE
          (pondering)
        Mister James? Mister James?

Devine processes a moment, the name sounding familiar.

                                        57.

               FATHER DEVINE (CONT'D)
        Oh Willie. I was sad to hear you 
        decline our offer, given the 
        compensation that's provided.

               WILLIE
        Had a change of heart. 
        Compensation?

               FATHER DEVINE
        Usually the musical acts play free, 
        but we allow them to take tips if 
        they wish. Each year its usually 
        well over a thousand dollars. 
        Certainly, you told him, Sister.   

Willie at first frowns, but then smiles, plays along.

               WILLIE
        Oh yes. 'Course. She did.

               FATHER DEVINE
        And if I may be frank, no one knew 
        who they were. Whereas you-

Willie smirks at Agatha.

               WILLIE
        -Could do some good damage. 

               FATHER DEVINE
        So it's settled then.

Willie puts his hand out to Devine. Devine hesitates, but 
puts his hand out, chuckling. The two shake hands.

               WILLIE
        That's all I needed.

               FATHER DEVINE

        Wonderful.

Willie departs.

EXT. FOOTBALL FIELD - DAY

A grey sky and muddy field from an early rain. 

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

                                        58.

Teenagers and clergy alike set up the carnival. A moonwalk 
airing up. Leo and a teenage boy carry a table across field.

ON STAGE

Willie soundcheck at the mic with an acoustic guitar in hand.

               WILLIE
        Check. Check one-two. One-two 
        check. Sanctuary. Sanctuary.

He stops his check. 

In the distance, out on the field, SOUNDMAN adjusts audio 
levels in the sound booth.

Willie raises his thumbs up higher to the man.

               WILLIE (CONT’D)
        You can take the monitor down. Just 
        gonna be me up here as an opener.

Sound man nods.

               WILLIE (CONT’D)
          (soundchecking)
        Test. Test. Test.

He gives a straight thumbs up to Soundman.

Agatha approaches with a sheet in her hands.

               WILLIE (CONT’D)
        Sister. Couldn't help, but notice 
        none of the favorites were on 
        there.

               AGATHA
        We carefully picked songs 
        appropriate to the event. Just 
        stick with those.

        Will do.

        Good.

               WILLIE

               AGATHA

Agatha steps away.

He takes his guitar off.

                                        59.

EXT. FOOTBALL FIELD - HOURS LATER

The carnival now in full force. Games on the back side of the 
field. Dunk tanks. Basket tosses. Batting Cage. Well over a 
thousand are scattered over the field or sit in the stands. 

On the other half of the field, several hundreds gather 
around an empty stage. 

BENEATH STAGE

Willie sits crouched in the mud. Nervous. Breathing hard. 
Near asthma attack. He wipes his brow. 

He opens his hand, rolls his fingers like his dice are there.

               MAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
        Willie. You're up.

Willie takes one last breath, gathers himself up.

STAGE

Willie stomps up the steps onto the stage. 

Steps up to the mic. Wraps guitar around his neck.

WILLIE'S POV

All eyes on him, the crowd awaits. 

BACK TO SCENE

               WILLIE
        It's been quite some time. Everyone 
        doing okay, tonight?

Handful of hoots, whistles, and hollers from the small crowd.

               WILLIE (CONT’D)
        I guess it's afternoon, ain't it?

Taped to the floor, the set list Agatha prepared.

               WILLIE (CONT’D)
        I'm gonna try to play few songs...

Willie fingers the strings, plays melodic opening chords...

WILLIE'S POV

The crowd blank-faced. Many carry on talking to each other. 
All are uninterested. 

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

                                        60.

In the back, JANIS scoots AVA forward from the back of the 
crowd to get a little closer.

BACK TO SCENE

The chords trail off. The music dies.

               WILLIE (CONT'D)
          (into the mic)
        Sorry. I uh-

WILLIE’S POV

Ava smiles, sparkling at her Daddy. Janis grins.

BACK TO SCENE

Willie’s eyes well up, smiling.

Willie's foot steps over the list.

               WILLIE (CONT’D)
        I'm gonna change it up to-
          (grins)
        Someone told me once, if you wanna 
        save a man with a song, you be damn 
        sure to sing what's in your soul.

He strums chords. 

               WILLIE (CONT'D)
        That being said, this song is for 
        my little girl.

He strums into familiar chords. Onlookers erupt in whistles 
and hollers. The song iconic. 

               WILLIE (CONT’D)
        Another night, another morning

A THUNDEROUS APPLAUSE greets the first words.      

               WILLIE (CONT’D)
        Is it July or Christmas
        Can’t tell winter from summer
        No rain or snow passes
        It’s been oh so long from you
        Out here in the desert            
        If you were fifteen or fifty                
        Those eyes I'd surely recognize

A joyful smirk forms across his face as he sings. 

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED: (2)

                                        61.

               WILLIE (CONT’D)
          (chorus)
        I’m a man not yet to Canaan
        You a lady laced in gold
        I got forty more years out here
        You been there since you were born
        I’m a man not yet to Canaan
        You my angel on a throne
        There’s no promise land for me here     
        Or your home to call my own
          (verse)
        I march on through the desert      
        Hopin' I might see ya              
        Lord willing, I'll get there     
        And we'll be together                  
        Oh the Lord, will He carry       
        Carry me on home                  
        Its a home I never been to        
        Its the one I long to know

Willie eyes flood. His strums slow, the song near end.

               WILLIE (CONT'D)
        In your eyes I see Canaan        
        Full of love and full of hope      
        Hope to see you there one day     
        Til then, this desert will I know      

He takes one last steady strum into silence. Wipes his eyes. 
The crowd erupts in WHISTLES and APPLAUSE. Willie weeps.

EXT. FOOTBALL FIELD - LATER

The set is over. A crew tears down the stage. 

On the field, Willie pushes through the now sparse crowd. 

He stops at an open area, searching. Scans every direction.

No sign of Ava or Janis.

               STAGE HAND (O.S.)
          (on stage)
        Willie. I'm taking this guitar if 
        you just gonna leave it up here.

Willie sighs, looks around once more.

               WILLIE
        I'm coming.

He retreats back stage.

                                        62.

INT. BUNK ROOM - NIGHT

The men applaud Willie, carrying a small duffel bag on his 
back. He nods, holds guitar up in a gesture of thanks.

               WILLIE
        Thank you. Thank you.

He can't help, but keep smiling.

               GUARD 1 (O.S.)
        That's enough. It's lights out.

The applause dies down. Men scatter to their beds.

Willie sets his guitar down next to his bed. Mick reaches out 
his hand to Willie. They shake.

               MICK
        Good show, Willie. That was-that 
        was real great. Real great.

               WILLIE
        Appreciate it, Mick.

The lights go out. 

Mick hops into his bed, turns over. 

Willie sets the bag down on the bed, unzips it. Inside, the 
tip jar closed tight full of cash. He cradles it. Exhales

Put its back in the bag. Zips it up. Shoves it under his cot.

He takes a seat at the edge of the bed, takes off his boots.

Rolls over, goes to sleep.

INT. BUNK ROOM - DAY

Its mid-morning. Everyone gone. In bed, Willie's eyes squint 
open. He awakens, groggy. Hops out of bed. His feet land on 
something unexpected. He looks down. 

The duffel out on the floor and unzipped.

Willie turns pale. Panic hits. 

He claws through the bag. Nothing. The jar now just a memory.

                                        63.

INT. AGATHA'S OFFICE - DAY

A glass mug of hot water on the desk, Agatha drops tea bag 
into it. A black cloud spreads into the water.

The door bursts open. Willie storms in.

Agatha takes a sip, poised.

               WILLIE
        Where is it?

               AGATHA
        Saint Francis thanks you very much 
        for your generous donation.

               WILLIE
        I didn't donate shit.

               AGATHA
        You disobeyed instruction. You're 
        earnings are forfeited.

               WILLIE
        You can't do that.

               AGATHA
        Call it a tithe. An act of 
        atonement. For yesterday and that 
        more illegal endeavor you engaged 
        in several nights ago.

Willie sighs, rolls his eyes.

               AGATHA (CONT'D)
        Didn't think I'd find out, did you?
        The two-hundred you acquired in 
        that has been confiscated as well.

               WILLIE
        Two-hundred?

Lightning strikes Willie. His eyes get big.

               AGATHA
        You broke two of my rules. There 
        are consequences in here just like 
        there are in out there.

He fake nods. His mind goes elsewhere, processing.

                                    (CONTINUED)

                                        64.

CONTINUED:

               AGATHA (CONT’D)
        Now, I believe its almost eight 
        a.m. and you should've been in the 
        garden hours ago.

Willie nods, hurries out of the room.

INT. BUNK ROOM - DAY

Only RESIDENTS 1 & 2 in the room. 1 reads on bed. 2 naps.

Willie rushes in over to Adrienne’s perfectly made bed. 
RESIDENT 1 peaks up from his book. Willie ducks to look under 
the bed, turns the mattress over.

               WILLIE
        Where’s Adrienne?

               RESIDENT 1
        Adrienne? You didn’t know?

               WILLIE

        Know what?

               RESIDENT 1
        Yesterday was his last day.

Willie falls into a seat on the bed, defeated.

        Shit.

        Why?

               WILLIE

               RESIDENT 1

               WILLIE
        Well, he just ran off with eleven-
        hundred dollars.

               RESIDENT 1
        Where the hell'd he get eleven-
        hundred dollars?

               WILLIE
        It wasn't his.

               RESIDENT 1
        Well, he just walked out the door 
        about five minutes ago to catch the 
        bus. Might still be out there.

Willie hops up.

                                    (CONTINUED)

                                        65.

CONTINUED:

               WILLIE
        He just left?

               RESIDENT 1

        Yeah.

Willie runs out.

EXT. BUS STOP - DAY

The wheels on the bus start turning. 

Willie runs out towards the bus stop.

               WILLIE
          (yelling)

        Hey.

The bus speeds off. Willie misses it.

Out the back window of the bus, Adrienne flashes a wicked 
smile and a flip of the bird to Willie.

The bus disappears down the road.

INT. ST. FRANCIS CHURCH - SECOND FLOOR - MUSIC ROOM - DAY

Helen stands by a window, watches outside below where Willie 
pulls the weeds. She steps away from the window. 

On the risers next to her, sits a record player. Noticing it, 
she lifts the needle, then eyes back at the window. 

INT. BUNK ROOM - DAY

All the inmates gone for the day. 

Sister Helen wanders around the room.

She comes to Willie's bed. Looks behind her to double-check 
anyone else's presence.

Crouches down by the bed. Reaches under. 

Pulls out flannel shirt of Willie's. She unfolds it.

She wads it up in both hands, buries her face in it, breathes 
it in like fresh spring air.

Reaches underneath again. Hits something hard. Pulls a stack 
of records with Willie James' name. Albums like "Stowaway", 
"On My Way to Canaan", and "The Willie James Band." She tucks 
"The Willie James" band under her arm, puts the others back.

                                        66.

INT. ST. FRANCIS CHURCH - SECOND FLOOR - MUSIC ROOM - DAY

Helen rummages through a box behind the risers, pulls out a 
set of large headphones. Plugs it into the player.

She slides the record out from the cover, lifts the needle. 
Places it on the player.

The guitar rips into a steady-beat like a train, close to 
Credence Clearwater Revival. 

               WILLIE'S VOICE
        Won't be makin the train to heaven 
        this day. 
        Better wait till you can come or 
        else they'll say...
        'Son, there ain't a home for you 
        here. 
        You gotta buy a ticket, just so we 
        clear.' 
        So I'll just wait for you so we 
        both can make it to heaven.

Helen nods to the music, eyes closed, spinning around.

Leo walks in. She opens her eyes, jumps back. 

               HELEN

        Leo. Hi.

She chucks off the headphones. Turns off the player.

               LEO
        Don't mind me.

               HELEN
        Sorry, I was just curious about 
        some of Willie's-Mister James' 
        music. That music he played for his 
        daughter seemed so sweet.

               LEO
        Yeah, he's good. I was going to 
        clean this place up, but I can come 
        back later.

               HELEN
        No-no. You're fine.

               LEO
        No, seriously, I think the 
        sanctuary needs cleaning right now.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

                                        67.

Leo gives nod, smiles, and leaves. Helen covers her face in 
embarrassment, shaking her head.

EXT. CHURCH GARDEN - DAY

It's late in the day. Night approaches.

Crouched down, Willie shakes a weed to disarm. He yanks it 
hard. The weed snaps free from the root still deep in soil.

               WILLIE
        Son of a bitch.

He shakes head in disgust. Slam dunks the weed into the bin.

Agatha approaches.

               AGATHA
        It's seven-thirty you know?

               WILLIE
        Yes. Yeah. I know.

Willie stands to his feet.

               AGATHA
        Take the gloves off. Follow me.

Willie slides them off. She gestures to him to follow. He 
walks a good distance behind her.

INT. ST. FRANCIS CATHOLIC SCHOOL - NIGHT

All the lights in the school off. Only moon light from the 
windows. Front doors swing open. Agatha leads Willie in.

               WILLIE
        What's in the school?

               AGATHA
        You have a visitor.

               WILLIE

        Visitor?

They arrive outside the gymnasium doors.

               WILLIE (CONT’D)
        Thought visitors weren't allowed. 
        Thought it was rules.

She swings open the door.

INT. GYMNASIUM - CONTINUOUS

The gym dark with lights at center court. Willie steps in. 
Agatha closes door behind him. Janis stands at center court.

                                        68.

               WILLIE

        Janis?

               JANIS
        Hey, Willie.

Willie picks up his pace, meets her at center court. The 
center line divides them.

               WILLIE
        You came to the show.

               JANIS
        We go to that carnival every year.

               WILLIE
        Coulda said ‘hi.’

               JANIS
        Didn’t know you’d be there.

               WILLIE
        Then why not run the other 
        direction soon as you saw me?

               JANIS
        I would’ve. But Ava heard your 
        voice. Wanted to hear you.

A smile forms across Willie’s face, eyes welling up.

               WILLIE

        She did?

               JANIS
        Trust me. I’d have rushed her out 
        had I seen you first.

               WILLIE
        How comforting.

               JANIS
        I am not trying to play the   
        bitch, Willie.

               WILLIE
        You pretty convincing.

                                    (CONTINUED)

                                        69.

CONTINUED:

She rolls her eyes.

               JANIS
        Think outside yourself. Don’t you 
        know you ain't the only one 
        affected by your dumb ass choices. 

               WILLIE
        You good at reminding me.

               JANIS
        Its just trying to sort through the 
        shit storm you created for us 
        hasn’t always been easy.

She brushes her hairback from her eyes.

               WILLIE
        Why’d you come here, Janis?

               JANIS

        For Ava.

               WILLIE
        Oh yeah. That’s right. Cos my seven 
        year old is demanding five-grand.

               JANIS
        That’s not what I meant, Willie.

Janis motions behind Willie. He turns to see what she sees.

A gym door opens. NANNA, sixties, escorts Ava into the gym.

               WILLIE

        Ava?

He hustles to her. Nanna and her slowly walk hand in hand. He 
rushes to meet her. Crouches down. Hugs her. He pulls back. 
Traces his hands over her face.

               WILLIE (CONT’D)
        Green eyes. They haven’t changed. I 
        traced ‘em over and over in my mind 
        every moment of every day I’s gone.

He grazes her hands.

               WILLIE (CONT’D)
        Look at them hands. I bet your well 
        on your way to bein’ a whiz on 
        those keys. You prolly already are.

                                    (CONTINUED)

                                        70.

CONTINUED: (2)

               AVA

        Keys?

               WILLIE
        You still playing piano, right?

               JANIS
          (butting in)
        She gave lessons up two years ago. 
        We couldn’t afford it.

Willie turns back to Ava, wipes hair out of her face. She 
holds out the butterfly necklace. The wings broken off.

               AVA
        It broke. The wings.

Willie takes it.

               WILLIE
        Well, I’ll get you a new one. When 
        I get done in this place, Ima get 
        you a lot of new things. Piano 
        lessons. We’ll be together again.

               AVA
        Mom said you’d say that.

Willie gives a quick glare back at Janis.

               WILLIE
        Yeah? What else she say?

               AVA
        Don’t believe any of it. It’ll only 
        make it hurt later.

               WILLIE
        Well. I promise. Not this time.
          (holds up necklace)
        And I’m gonna fix this. You wait 
        for me till I get out. No more mess-
        ups from me, ya hear? Its a 
        promise. Ya know what that means?

She nods, wraps her arms around his neck.

               JANIS
        Alright, Ava. Go with Nanna.

Ava kisses him on the cheek. 

Willie tightly embraces her once more. 

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED: (3)

               WILLIE
        Bye sweetie. 

Ava and Nanna head out the gym doors. 

Willie stands to his feet.

                                        71.

               WILLIE (CONT’D)
        I'd like to think you brought her 
        here to see me, but I think we both 
        know the reasons are much more 
        selfish than that.

               JANIS
        We’re in a jam. We’re six months 
        behind on the mortgage. I need what 
        you owe. If not, we’re heading out.

               WILLIE

        Where?

               JANIS
        I got some friends out west. That’s 
        all I’ll say. Its our only option. 
        If you can’t come through in three 
        weeks, we’ll lose the house and 
        you’ll never see Ava again.

               WILLIE
        I’ll get it.

               JANIS
        You better.

Janis steps away towards the exit doors.

MONTAGE

-Willie sits isolated on the floor in a dark closet. Light 
peeks through the cracked door onto his face. Holds guitar. 
Fingers don't move. His eyes dazed out.

-Bible study. Agatha speaks. Willie doesn't hear her. 
Hypnotized by the world inside him.

-In recreation room, Willie plays ping-pong against himself.

-He rakes the garden. Clouds hover over. RUMBLE of THUNDER 
above. Willie stops what he's doing. Looks up. A hard rain 
comes down from heaven.

-In the closet, he fiddles with his guitar. Fingers flow 
along the chord. Nods his head with the tune. 

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED: (4)

                                        72.

Pulls out journal. Sets it in the beam of light. Feverishly 
writes lyrics. Hits play on a small recorder next to him.

-He approaches his bed. Rain beats against the window glass. 
His dice sit on the window sill. Clenches them. Looks around 
the room. No men around. Helen stands in the door way. She 
gives him a flirtatious smile. Shows herself out.

END OF MONTAGE

INT. HALLWAY - DAY

Willie stands at the pay phone in mid-conversation.

               WILLIE
        I got your songs.

INT. PERRY'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS

Perry stands, looking out his windows.

               PERRY
        That's great news.

INTERCUT CONVERSATION:

               WILLIE
        Send one of them messengers to come 
        by and get the tapes.

Off screen in Perry's office, a VACUUM CLEANER HOWLS.

               PERRY
          (yelling)
        No-lets uh-you know what? I'll just 
        come by and get them.

               WILLIE
        What's the noise?

               PERRY
        Cleaning crew.

A maintenance man vacuums around Perry.

               WILLLIE

        What for?

               PERRY
          (struggles over racket)
        Just-uh-moving. Down the hall.   
        I'll be there...Five-thirty?

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

               WILLIE
        I'll be outside.

                                        73.

Willie hangs up. His face contorted, confused.

INT. PERRY'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS

The maintenance crew gone. Perry's whole office now visible 
with all the furniture gone. The place completely empty.

INT. CHOIR ROOM - DAY

Leo mops the floor with headphones on, rock music blaring.

Willie enters. Taps the boy on the shoulder. Leo hits the 
stop button on the tape player at his side.

               LEO
          (winking)
        Sorry. Was listening to Gregorian 
        chanting. Sermons. All I'm allowed.

               WILLIE
        Didn't know my music fit the genre 
        of Gregorian chanting.

Leo chuckles.

               LEO
        This is high-quality Gregorian 
        chanting. The best.

               WILLIE
        Glad you enjoyin' it.

               LEO

        What's up?

               WILLIE
        You do me a favor?

Willie pulls out the broken necklace.

               WILLIE (CONT’D)
        Got this from a jeweler friend of 
        mine. Runs a pawn shop downtown. 
        Was hoping maybe you'd take it to 
        him to fix it or get another one.

               LEO
        Yeah, no problem.

Willie hands it to him with a card and cash.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

                                        74.

               WILLIE
        Address is on there. And I was 
        hoping you might pick up second one 
        just like it.

               LEO

        Will do.

               WILLIE
        Thanks. When I get out of here, 
        I'll buy ya a beer.

               LEO
        I might need two. To take the edge 
        off this place.

Willie laughs, leaves. Leo puts his headphones back on.

EXT. CHURCH GARDEN - DAY

Agatha wears work gloves, crouched down. She digs up plants, 
set it aside. Takes a small garden shovel, digs a bigger 
hole. She picks the plant back up, places in the deeper hole.

Willie approaches.

She continues digging, not really acknowledging him as usual.

               WILLIE
        Doin' my work for me?

               AGATHA
        Replanting.

Agatha shovels dirt back over the plant.

               WILLIE
        I see. Well, thanks for letting my 
        daughter come by like that.

               AGATHA
        She requested it.

Agatha moves onto the next plant.

               WILLIE
        I think it be right if I explained 
        myself to you. You see, I owe her 
        money. Been tryin' to get her some. 
        Until then, she won't really talk 
        to me like we used to. Or let my 
        daughter for that matter. Trying to 
        preserve what I got left.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

               AGATHA
        So if you pay her off, you think 
        she'll restore things between you 
        and daughter?

                                        75.

Willie nods.

She digs out the plant. She digs deeper hole. Sets plant back 
in. Scoops dirt on it.

She stands to her feet, takes off her gloves.

               AGATHA (CONT'D)
        Dig deeper.

She hands him the shovel and gloves. Willie takes them.

She leaves.

Willie crouches down, starts digging.

INT. ST. FRANCIS CATHOLIC CHURCH - BATHROOM - DAY

Helen stands by the window.

HELEN POV

Willie digs and replants.

BACK TO SCENE

Helen turns away from the window. Peeks up at the mirror.

INT. HELEN'S ROOM - DAY

Dusk. Evening approaches. 

Helen opens her top bottom dresser drawer. Reaches deep 
beneath all the folded undergarments inside.

She pulls out a small mirror she folds out and stands up on 
top of her dresser. 

Eyes herself in the mirror. Touches face.

Looking away from the mirror, she looks down at the black 
garments on her. 

Back to the mirror, she pulls away her habit revealing her 
hair tied up in pins. Slowly, she begins to slide off the 
garments that cover her.

MOMENTS LATER

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

All her garments lie on the floor. 

                                        76.

She holds the mirror in her hand now. Angles it every which 
way to get glimpses of her unclothed body.

INT. BUNK ROOM - NIGHT

Dirt and grime cover Willie's face. He drags feet to his bed, 
ready to pass out. Waiting on the bed sit the two butterfly 
necklaces. He picks them up, grins.

EXT. HALFWAY HOUSE - DAY

Willie waits by curb, holding tapes. 

BMW pulls up. It's Perry. Perry rolls down passenger window.

               WILLIE
        Get anything?

               PERRY
        A friend at Universal publishing 
        said he'd take a listen.

               WILLIE

        When?

Willie hands him tapes, rests hands on the open door window.

               PERRY
        I have a late dinner meeting with 
        him tonight.

               WILLIE
        When you think you'll be done?

               PERRY
        You know how these go. It's at 
        nine. If he agrees to advance-

               WILLIE
        But it'd be enough?

Willie's grip tightens on the open door window.

               PERRY
        Maybe. But I need to go.

Willie nods, hesitates, on the verge to say more, but 
doesn't. Releases his clutch off from the car.

               PERRY (CONT’D)
        We'll talk tomorrow.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

Perry speeds off.

INT. SANCTUARY - DAY

                                        77.

Helen in habit sits in the back pew leaned forward. Her head 
down, but not in prayer. Eyes wide open.

Willie approaches. She turns up to him.

               WILLIE
        Been looking for you. I got you 
        something. Well, Leo went and got 
        it for me.

Helen stands up. Willie holds out his hand. The butterfly 
necklace. She takes it.

               HELEN

        Oh my-

               WILLIE
        You said your father got you one 
        just like it, so...you like it?

She clutches in her hand.

She reaches over her head, pulls away the head cover. 

               WILLIE (CONT’D)

        Uh-

Willie jaw drops, unsure of what she's doing.

Her hair tied up, she pulls out the pins, lets her hair flow 
down. Stunning. 

She hands him the necklace, holds up her hair with her hand.

               HELEN
        Could you put it on me?

               WILLIE

        Uh-sure.

Willie draws near to her, unhooks the end, reaches behind her 
neck. Her eyes are locked on him. He keeps his attention on 
getting the necklace on her.

He locks it in. Looks up.

Their eyes meet. Locked into each other. They stare as if in 
a romantic duel.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

                                        78.

Their lips charge one another's. The sexual tension explodes.

Lips locked, Willie's eyes open wide, shocked at whats 
happening. Her eyes are tight. She's completely into it.

She wraps her legs around him. He loses his balance, falls 
back against the confessional. The passion continues.

She swings open the confessional. Throws him into it.

She peeks around the sanctuary to make sure. Shuts door.

INT. CONFESSIONAL - CONTINUOUS

She pounces on him, straddling. Lurches her lips over his.

She reaches to his pants. Unbuttons them. Their lips still 
all over the place. He wraps his arms around her back side. 

               HELEN
          (kissing him)
        Something. In. Your hand.

               WILLIE

        What?

He pulls her closer, kissing. She jolts, startled.

               HELEN

        Ouch.

Grabs her side in pain.

               WILLIE
        What is it?

               HELEN
        Something's poking at me. Think 
        it's in your pocket.

               WILLIE
        That's normally how it goes. Wait, 
        this ain't your first-

               HELEN

        No-no.

               WILLIE
        Oh. Whew. Now, there might've been 
        a time when I'd have been fine-

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

               HELEN
        No. Shut up. It's not. I mean-
        there's something in your pocket.

                                        79.

Willie reaches in his pocket, finding the other butterfly 
necklace to give to his daughter.

               WILLIE
        Oh. That's-uh-this one's for my 
        daughter. Got her's fixed.

               HELEN
        It's fine. Whatever.

She snatches it out his hand, chucks it to the seat. She 
starts kissing him again.

He's not into it. His eyes on the necklace. 

               WILLIE
        Hold on-hold on.

He lifts his hands free. She pulls away.

               HELEN
        What's wrong?

               WILLIE

        I-

               HELEN
        What? It'll be fine.

She starts kissing him. 

               WILLIE
        Sorry. I just can't.

He scoots her off of him. He buttons his pants.

               HELEN

        Um-okay?

               WILLIE
        I'm real, real sorry.

Willie hops up, buckles belt, snatches necklace, rushes out.

INT. SANCTUARY - CONTINUOUS

BALCONY

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

                                        80.

SISTER ANNE dusts the balcony pews. In the distance, she 
hears a door swing open. She makes her way to the balcony 
railing to witness the scene.

DOWNSTAIRS

Willie buckles his belt outside the confessional door. 

BALCONY

The Sister covers mouth, gasping quietly.

DOWNSTAIRS

After a moment, Sister Helen sulks out, teary-eyes. She 
straightens her back. Wipes her tears. Snatches her head 
cover off the ground, re-situates on her head.

INT. BATHROOM SHOWERS - DAY

A hand turns a shower knob. Water sprouts out the head.

Willie steps in, raises his head, closes eyes, buries his 
face under the streaming water. Grabs nearby soap.

INT. BUNK ROOM - NIGHT

Lights on. The room alive. Men get ready for bed, doing the 
nightly routine of UNO, reading, shower. Willie lies in bed. 
His clock on the sill next to him. It reads 9:03.

EXT. RESTAURANT - CONTINUOUS

BMW pulls up. Valet opens the door. Perry gets out with 
Willie's tapes in hand. Valet takes the car. Door man opens 
the restaurant door for Perry. He strolls in with a smile.

INT. BUNK ROOM - CONTINUOUS

The clock at 9:04. Willie runs his fingers through his hair. 
Turns over in bed.

                             DISSOLVE TO:

INT. BUNK ROOM - CONTINUOUS

The lively room dies down. One by one, men go to bed. Willie 
eyes on the clock. 9:37.

                             DISSOLVE TO:

                                        81.

INT. BUNK ROOM - LATER

Its dark. Lights out. Everyone sleeps. The clock at 10:30. 
Willie eyes wide open, stare into the ceiling.

INT. RESTAURANT - CONTINUOUS

Perry shakes hands with an older man of stature.

INT. BUNK ROOM - NIGHT

It's quiet. Willie sleeps now. 

Air invades his lungs. His eyes snap open. Awake.

He turns to the clock. It's 3:01.

Willie sits up on the bed. Gets up, stands by the window.

WILLIE'S POV

A clear night sky with a full moon.

BACK TO SCENE

He turns the clock away from him, done with it for the night.

EXT. 7/11 GAS STATION - DAY

Cloudy sky. Light drizzle. Willie stands at the pay-phone, 
pops a cigarette into his mouth, lights it. 

THUNDER RUMBLES in the distance. 

He picks up phone, slides a quarter in. Dials. It RINGS.

Willie waits, RINGING. After a few moments...

               WOMAN'S VOICE

        Hello?

               WILLIE
        Hey, Trish. Looking for Perry. 
        Could you connect me?

               TRISH
        Who is this?

               WILLIE

        Willie.

               TRISH
        Willie. It's been quite some time.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

                                        82.

               WILLIE
        Yeah. I got out. Trying to get a 
        hold of Perry.

               TRISH

        Perry?

               WILLIE
        He had a big meeting last night. A 
        label big whig begging me to sign a 
        new deal. Curious how it went.

               TRISH

        Oh. I see.

Trish goes silent. Willie sips his cigarette.

               WILLIE
        Is-is Perry there?

               TRISH
        I'm surprised he didn't tell you.

               WILLIE
        Tell me what?

               TRISH
        He was let go last week.

               WILLIE

        What?

               TRISH
        It'd been a long time coming. No 
        one would work with him. Perry knew 
        it. Walters knew it.

               WILLIE
        Funny, I didn't.

               TRISH
        Yeah. But then this Jessie Black 
        thing put Walters over the edge. Do 
        you know Jessie?

               WILLIE
        Yeah, I know Jessie. Songwriter.

               TRISH
        Jessie came in here screaming. Said 
        Perry had him sign a bad contract. 
        Perry owns all of Jesse's work now.

                                    (CONTINUED)

                                        83.

CONTINUED: (2)

Willie covers his face in horror.

               TRISH (CONT’D)
        Looks like Perry'd been shoring up 
        insurance knowing the ax'd be 
        coming soon. It just so happened 
        that stunt finally gave Walters the 
        excuse he needed to let him go.

Willie pulls the phone away from his ear. Clenches it. Ready 
to hurl the whole pay phone halfway across the earth. Brings 
the phone back to his ear. Composes himself.

               WILLIE
        That's-that's just plain awful.

               TRISH
        I know. So sad. You didn't sign 
        anything, did you?

               WILLIE
        With Perry? No-no. I was just-uh-
        waiting to see what he'd bring to 
        the table. If anything.

               TRISH
        Good. Well, I gotta go. Stop in the 
        office and come say hello to the 
        old family.

               WILLIE
        Yeah-yeah. I'll do that.

               TRISH

        Bye.

She hangs up. Line goes dead.

Willie slams the phone on the hook. Rubs his temple.

INT. BUNK ROOM - CONTINUOUS

Willie rushes to his bed, sits down, legs tapping. Anxious. 
Whips out another cigarette. Fumbles it. Leaves it. Stands to 
his feet. Scratches his fingers through his hair in angst.

Mick strolls in holding some tapes.

               MICK
        Willie. Hope you don't mind. I 
        borrowed that recorder of yours. 
        Wanted you to hear my stuff.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

Mick holds out the tapes to Willie.

                                        84.

               MICK (CONT’D)
        I was kinda hoping you might take a 
        listen now.

               WILLIE
        No, Mick. I can't.

               MICK
        You can't? Come on, Willie. Got you 
        that money. I know Agatha screwed 
        you over, but be reasonable now.

               WILLIE
        Not now, Mick.

               MICK
        Fine. You don't have to listen. 
        Just at least give 'em to that 
        agent of yours. Like you said.

Mick hands them out to Willie. Willie refuses. 

               WILLIE

        No.

               MICK
        Just. Take them. To your agent.

Willie shakes his head 'No'. Mick shoves them into Willie's 
hand. Willie slaps the tapes out of his hands to the floor.

               WILLIE
          (screaming)
        I ain't givin' 'em to my agent, 
        Mick. So just forget it.

               MICK
        You a jackass, you know that?

Mick storms out.

Willie leans his hands against the wall. Head down. Resting. 
He shakes his head, anguished.

WILLIE'S POV

Leaned up against the wall below him stands his guitar.

BACK TO SCENE

Willie grits his teeth. Face-red.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED: (2)

                                        85.

In a flash, he onslaughts violent kick to the instrument. 
Beats it down again and again.

Picks up the guitar, bats it against the wall. Strings snap. 
The neck breaks in half. It hangs by three remaining strings.

He stops. Breathes heavy. Tired. Plops down on the floor.

Out of nowhere, Willie lights up. An idea hits. Jumps up.

EXT. ST. FRANCIS CATHOLIC CHURCH - DAY

Bus pulls up. Doors open. Mick takes a step up. Willie rushes 
out of the building.

               WILLIE
        Mick. Mick.

Mick turns, sees Willie. Rolls eyes. Turns back to the bus.

               WILLIE (CONT’D)
        I took a listen.

Mick stops. His interest peaked. Steps off the bus. The doors 
close. The bus drives off. 

Willie jogs to Mick. Stops. Bends over. Breathing hard.

               MICK

        Already?

               WILLIE
          (catching breath)

        Huh?

               MICK
        You listened to it?

               WILLIE
          (catching breath)
        Oh. No. Hell no. I just saw you 
        fifteen seconds ago.

               MICK
        You bastard. Now I'm late to work.

Willie crouches down, puts his head between his legs. Two 
joggers stroll past them.

               WILLIE
        I will. Right now even. Let me just-

                                    (CONTINUED)

                                        86.

CONTINUED:

               MICK
        Need some water?

               WILLIE
        A cigarette. Them joggers got some 
        endurance there.

Willie's breathing slows. Stands to his feet.

               WILLIE (CONT’D)
        I'll take a listen and beat down 
        every door in town with it if I 
        have to. But how does dog racing in 
        Memphis sound tonight?

               MICK
        I'll call him.

Willie puts his hands behind his head in an arrested 
position. His breathing flows smoother now.

INT. SANCTUARY - NIGHT

Twilight hours. Moonbeams light the sanctuary. 

Helen in her habit kneels at altar below the mosaic of 
Christ. Tears cover her face. She rises to her feet. Turns 
from it. Rushes down the aisle. Out the sanctuary.

INT. HELEN'S ROOM - NIGHT

Helen throws a suitcase onto the bed. 

Opens dresser drawers, tosses belongings in the case. Grabs 
the mirror from the bottom shelf. Looks into it.

She throws off her head cover onto the bed. Puts mirror in 
the suitcase. Reaches for her journal off the dresser top. 

She freezes.

Next to the journal, the butterfly necklace.

She tosses it around her neck. Closes up suitcase. Carries it 
to the door. She turns back and takes one last look at the 
life she knows. 

Sees her head cover left behind, hesitates. Rushes out.

INT. BUNK ROOM - NIGHT

Mick shakes Willie awake.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

               MICK
        Get up. Time to go. Our ride's 
        waiting on us.

                                        87.

Willie crawls out of bed. Mick cracks open the window.

EXT. STREET - NIGHT

Mick and Willie head down the street across from the Church.

               MICK
        You sure about this?

Willie double takes across the street. He grinds to a halt. 
Unaware, Mick keeps walking.

WILLIE'S POV

Teary-eyed Helen sits at bus stop bench, suitcase in hand.

BACK TO WILLIE

Mick turns back to see Willie frozen. Treads back.

               MICK (CONT’D)
        Willie? What're you doing?

WILLIE'S POV

Helen gazes blankly into the ground. Head down, her guilty 
eyes peek up at the world around her. Uncertain. A bus pulls 
up to the stop, obscuring her from sight. After a moment, the 
bus pulls away. The bench now vacant and Helen gone.

BACK TO SCENE

               MICK (CONT’D)
        Willie. Lets go.

Willie turns to Mick.

               WILLIE
        Sorry. You're right. Lets go.

               MICK

        Thank you.

The two men march on.

INT. CITY BUS - NIGHT

Helen sits by the window. Her bags next to her.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

HELEN'S POV

                                        88.

The bright lights of Nashville's Broadway street. Bars. 
Saloons. People come and go. Drunken laughter fills the air.

BACK TO SCENE

Helen clutches the handles of her baggage.

EXT. CITY STREET - NIGHT

On the curb, DRIVER leans against his black van.

Willie and Mick approach.

               DRIVER
        Mick. Come on.

Driver opens van door. Mick friendly nods. The two climb in.

INT. VAN - CONTINUOUS

The driver slides the van door shut into darkness.

INT. VAN - NIGHT

The van door slides open into the big bright lights of the 
Memphis Greyhound Park.

EXT. MEMPHIS GREYHOUND PARK & CASINO - CONTINUOUS

Driver stands by the open van door. 

Willie jumps out. Mick follows. 

               MICK
        We got to find my friend Meryl.

Mick leads Willie down the sidewalk.

EXT. MEMPHIS GREYHOUND PARK - PARKING LOT - MINUTES LATER

MERYL, husky, cowboy hat, sits in a lawn chair by the back of 
his van with a small black notebook in hand.

               MICK
        Meryl. Good to see you.

               MERYL
        Mick. You ugly son of bitch.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

                                        89.

They shake hands. Meryl hands Mick a sheet of paper. Meryl 
opens a small black notebook with a pen ready. Mick peruses 
the sheet. Willie looks over his shoulder.

               MERYL (CONT’D)
        What'll it be?

               MICK
        Two races. How about Dust Kicker? 
        Is he gonna pull one out?

               MERYL
        There's a good chance of it.

Meryl gives a wink, jots it down. Willie points on the sheet.

               WILLIE
        -Butterfly.

               MICK
        Is butterfly gonna win?

Mick flips through the pages of his journal.

               MERYL
        I'd say so.

               MICK
        Put us down. Two-fifty each for 
        Willie James here. Same for me.

Meryl writes it down. Willie and Mick reach in their wallets, 
hand cash to Meryl. He tucks them into his shirt pocket.

               MERYL
        You boys good to go. Enjoy it.

Willie and Mick move along, head towards the entrance.

EXT. MEMPHIS GREYHOUND PARK - STADIUM - CONTINUOUS

The two men step out the tunnel. Mick holds a beer. They look 
out a moment on the boisterous stadium and the racetrack. 
Willie and Mick move through the crowd down the aisles.

               WILLIE
        If these fixed, what was the point 
        in handing over every dime I got?

               MICK
        Insurance. They're dogs. Not 
        boxers. Don't worry. It'll be fine. 
               (MORE)

                                    (CONTINUED)

                                        90.

CONTINUED:

               MICK (CONT'D)
        You put down two-fifty. Each race 
        you're making twenty-five hundred.

Willie and Mick take their seats. 

ON THE RACETRACK

GUN SHOT GOES OFF. Dogs charge out the gate.

               PUBLIC ANNOUNCER
        And they're off. Atta Girl and 
        Black Mamba neck and neck in the 
        early lead. Butterfly at the back.

STADIUM SEATS

Willie sits forward in his seat.

               WILLIE

        Shit.

               MICK
        Don't worry. Its part of the game.

ON THE RACETRACK

Dogs speed past the white line for the first lap. Butterfly 
still in the middle.

ON THE RACETRACK

At the back, Butterfly starts to gain, passes two. 

               PUBLIC ANNOUNCER
        Butterfly makes headway.

STADIUM SEATS

               WILLIE
        Come on. Come on.

ON THE RACETRACK

On a turn, Butterfly cuts on the inside.

               PUBLIC ANNOUNCER
        Atta Girl still leading. Butterfly 
        gains fast through the pack.

STADIUM SEATS

               MICK
        Come on, you son of bitch.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

ON THE RACETRACK

The dogs makes the last turn.

                                        91.

               PUBLIC ANNOUNCER
        Here's the final turn. Butterfly 
        and Atta Girl neck and neck.

STADIUM SEATS

Willie rises to his feet. Mick and the stadium crowd follow.

The cheers rise.

               WILLIE
        Go. Go. Go.

ON THE RACETRACK

Butterfly passes Atta Girl. 

               PUBLIC ANNOUNCER 
        Butterfly moves ahead.

Butterfly and the pack whip passed the finish line. 

               PUBLIC ANNOUNCER (CONT’D)
        And Butterfly is the winner.

STADIUM SEATS

The two erupt and hug. Willie jumps up and down in joy while 
in the embrace. Mick's beer knocks loose from his hands, 
crashing into the ground. 

               MICK

        Shit.

Things calm. Willie lifts his hat to brush back his hair.

               MICK (CONT’D)
        Dust Kicker's not for another hour 
        or so. Lets go get another drink.

               WILLIE
        I'm gonna make a call.

Mick nods.

INT. MEMPHIS GREYHOUND PARK & CASINO - PAYPHONE - NIGHT

Willie tosses a quarter in to a pay-phone surrounded by 
ringing slot machines and drunk customers coming and going. 
Dials. Covers his ear to hear himself. RINGS once...

                                        92.

               AVA (O.S.)

        Hello? 

               WILLIE
          (yells over the noise)

        Ava?

               A MAN’S VOICE (O.S.)
          (over the phone)
        Ava, baby, who is it?

               AVA (O.S.)
          (to the man)
        Sounds like other daddy.

               WILLIE
        Hello? Ava? Who is that?

The other end of the line RUSTLES, switching hands.

               WILLIE (CONT’D)

        Hello?

The phone clicks, goes dead. Willie’s face goes flushed. He 
tosses a quarter in. Dials. 

BUSY SIGNAL.

He hangs up on the phone. His color gone.

INT. MEMPHIS GREYHOUND PARK & CASINO - RESTAURANT - NIGHT

Mick sits at a table with big glass windows providing a 
perfect view of the track.

               MICK
        This is perfect. I'm gonna go to 
        the bar. Beer?

Willie's dazed, in his own head.

               MICK (CONT’D)
        Willie James.

               WILLIE
        Sorry. Just-uh-find me a bourbon.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

Mick nods, gets up, moves along.

                                        93.

INT. MEMPHIS GREYHOUND PARK & CASINO - RESTAURANT - LATER

Mick carries a beer, glass of bourbon, and two scantily 
dressed women, DINA and DARLA, on either side. Both carry 
fruity girl drinks in their hands.

               MICK
        Look what I found.

Mick sets down the bourbon. Takes a seat.

               MICK (CONT’D)
        Dina and Darla. The double-Dees.

Mick laughs at his own joke, pulls Darla on his lap. She 
giggles. Dina nears Willie, places her hand on his shoulder. 

Willie doesn't return affection. Gulps down bourbon.

Mick lowers his eyebrows at Willie, frowns.

               MICK (CONT’D)
        Willie. Be the southern gentleman 
        you are and grab Dina a chair.

Willie forces an unhappy smile at Mick.

               DINA
        It's fine. I'll get it.

Dina grabs a chair from a nearby table, sits next to Willie. 
Willie chugs the rest of the bourbon. Mick gets wide-eyed 
over Willie's drinking fervor.

               MICK
        Well, I guess its gonna be one of 
        those nights. Girls. Lets get you 
        some more drinks, too.

Mick raises his hand for a waiter. Darla yanks it back down.

               DARLA
        No-no. Not yet. We'll get them.

               MICK
        Can't blame a guy for trying.

SERIES OF SHOTS - SLOW

-Mick and Darla howl in laughter.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

                                        94.

-Dina and Darla bring more drinks to the table. Willie starts 
to let loose. The party toasts their drinks.

-Girls sit while the boys stand and cheer the race through 
the glass. They hoist their drinks in victory.

END OF SHOTS

Mick tries to kiss Darla. She places her finger in front his 
mouth, refusing, teasing him.

Willie sits zoned out into space, inebriated. Dina hangs on 
Willie, in drunk mode, too.

               DINA
        I know who you are. You know that?

               WILLIE
          (slurred)
        That means something-something  
        very-very good for me.

               DINA
        What's that?

               WILLIE
        You not as young as I thought. So I 
        won't be going to jail tonight.

She laughs.

               WILLIE (CONT’D)
        I done this so many times
        for so long, it like loses mystery.

               DINA
        What do you mean?

               WILLIE
        Talk over drinks. Chasin'. Dancin' 
        around innuendos all night. All in 
        the name of what's to come later. 

               DINA

        Ah.

               WILLIE
        Used to be fun.

               DINA

        Not now?

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED: (2)

               WILLIE
        Well, to be real honest, I really 
        don't even want to sleep with you.

               DINA
        How flattering.

Willie winces.

               WILLIE
        No. That's-that's not what I mean. 
        You very pretty. But I'm-I'm just 
        going to tonight, because its what 
        I do. I'm drunk and its what I'm 
        'posed to do. Kinda damned to. And 
        don't worry, I'll pay you good.

               DINA
        Why would you pay me?

               WILLIE
        You know who I am and I know what 
        you are. What both of you is.   
        Mick does, too.

Dina smiles.

               DINA
        I see why its not a chase any more.

               WILLIE
        When you can afford not to chase. 
        But truthfully, I can't no more. 
        But I'm going to anyway.

               DINA
        So you're worried about me being 
        underage and going to jail for 
        that, but not if I'm a prostitute?

He chuckles.

               WILLIE
        I guess-just cos you make peace on 
        some things you do wrong, it don't 
        mean you make peace with other 
        things that are wrong. But I hope 
        to God you ain't both. And...if I 
        wasn't paying you, then I'd say I'd 
        feel even guiltier.

               DINA
        That's backwards. Why?

                                        95.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED: (3)

                                        96.

               WILLIE
        Cos this ain't a transaction of 
        love, but of money. Love's a 
        heftier price to pay. A harder 
        currency to come by. Like gold. 
        It's heavy. You gotta lift it. And 
        this here between us just paper. 
        Though most of 'em gone, that's at 
        least one conviction I still got. 
        You gotta keep what you got left. 
        And I'd say I'm pretty poor.

Dina sips her drink.

               MICK (O.S.)
        Hey Willie.

Willie and Dina turn to Mick and Darla on his lap.

               MICK (CONT’D)
        Was telling Darla here, we should 
        get outta here and take these girls 
        to the van.

Willie downs the rest of his shot.

               WILLIE
        Sounds romantic. But it's not like 
        we can take 'em no where.

               MICK
        Yeah, but it's a little quieter.   
        He won't mind. He's in the casino. 
        I'll get the keys from him.

Mick playfully twirls Darla off his lap.

EXT. MEMPHIS GREYHOUND PARK & CASINO - PARKING LOT - NIGHT

The four stroll through the lot. Darla hangs on Mick's 
shoulder as he counts the wad of cash he and Willie made. 
Dina clings to Willie's arm, trying to stay warm.

               MICK
        Hold up. Willie, come here.

Mick takes Willie to the side. 

The girls converse with each other.

               MICK (CONT’D)
        Let me talk to you.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

                                        97.

      MICK (CONT’D)
  (whispers)
Listen. They're hookers.

WILLIE
(whispers)
You know they're pros, right?

Mick smiles.

               MICK (CONT’D)
        Its on me, tonight.

Mick stuffs several hundreds into Willie's pocket. He holds 
up the keys for Willie.

               MICK (CONT’D)
        You take the van. Darla got her own 
        car we're gonna go in.

Willie nods, takes the keys.

               MICK (CONT’D)

        Enjoy.

Mick turns back to the girls, pulls Darla, too.

               MICK (CONT’D)
        Let's go, girly.

Dina draws near to Willie, latches on to his arm. Willie 
grins, comforted. She smiles right back at him.

INT. VAN - NIGHT

Back van doors open. Dina climbs in. Willie follows. Closes 
doors behind him. Scoots his way through the dark near Dina. 
He forces an awkward grin.

               DINA

        So...um...

               WILLIE
        Oh yeah. Sorry. 

Willie reaches in his pocket for money.

               WILLIE (CONT’D)
        How much is it?

               DINA

        Well...

Willie counts out the cash.

               WILLIE
        Three-hundred?

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

                                        98.

               DINA
        What do you want for that much?

               WILLIE
        Well, we don't have to plan it out 
        exactly. Just wing it I guess.

               DINA
        We could just talk then.

               WILLIE
        No. Well, it's three-hundred for 
        sex. Hell. Make it four-hundred.

Willie counts out another hundred, hands the cash to Dina.

               DINA
        You're offering me-someone you've 
        said you don't want to have sex 
        with-four-hundred dollars for sex? 

               WILLIE
        Well yes. You're a pretty girl.   
        And I don't want to be impolite.

               DINA
        You're under arrest.

               WILLIE

        What?

The back doors and slide door burst open. OFFICERS 1 & 2 man 
each exit with guns pointed.

               OFFICER 1
        Out the van. Down on the ground.

               OFFICER 2
        Step out of the vehicle, Sir.

Willie leans his head back against the van wall, defeated.

               OFFICER 1
        Sir, listen to my partner.

Dina hops out through the slide door opening. 

Willie's face turns pale and numb. They continue to shout, 
but he doesn't hear them. Officer 1 climbs in with gun 
pointed, slaps on the cuffs. 

                                        99.

EXT. MEMPHIS GREYHOUND PARK & CASINO - PARKING LOT - NIGHT

Officer 1 escorts Willie in cuffs to the squad car. Mick 
already sits in the back with his head down.

EXT. ST. FRANCIS CATHOLIC SCHOOL - PLAYGROUND - DAY

Elementary kids climb monkey bars. A game of dodgeball in 
session. Two nuns stand to the side, whistles on their necks. 

On the second floor balcony, Agatha steps out to view the 
scene. Slides off her glasses, rest her elbows on the 
railing. She rubs her eyes and temples, stressed. 

After a moment, she puts her glasses back on, stands up 
straight. Narrows her eyes at children playing.

               FATHER DEVINE (O.S.)
        You watch them too closely.

Behind her, Father Devine approaches. 

               FATHER DEVINE (CONT’D)
        They're kids. Not ex-cons.

               AGATHA
        I assume you’ve heard.

               FATHER DEVINE
        Yes, I did. Two residents missing 
        and a custodian saw Sister Helen 
        hop on a bus late last night.

AGATHA'S POV

On the bars, a bully pushes a young boy off. The boys 
stumble, crashes into the ground. Nun comes to his aid.

BACK TO SCENE

               FATHER DEVINE (CONT’D)
        That was a nasty fall.

               AGATHA
        These children are too reckless.    
        I worry one will end up here again.

               FATHER DEVINE

        As clergy?

She laughs it off.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

                                       100.

               AGATHA
        If we could only apprehend them. 
        Before they hurt themselves.

               FATHER DEVINE
        The shorter the leash you put on 
        them, the more wild they'll run 
        once you take it off.

               AGATHA
        Ours was the last generation 
        without a need for a leash at all. 
        Even the one after us was a mess.

               FATHER DEVINE
        If that's true, I would have been 
        quite the exception.

Devine leans forward, rests forearms on balcony railing.

               FATHER DEVINE (CONT’D)
        Let me ask you, Sister. What did 
        your parents think when you told 
        them you wanted to be wear the 
        cloth and live in church all day?

               AGATHA
        Dad took off long before that.

               FATHER DEVINE
        That’s right. I’m very sorry.

               AGATHA
          (rolls her eyes)
        I don’t need a sorry, Father. It 
        was a very long time ago.

               FATHER DEVINE
        But what about your mother?

               AGATHA
        I could've been a harlot or the 
        first female President. To her I 
        was always throwing my life away.

               FATHER DEVINE
        What did she say?

               AGATHA
        That I was just running away from 
        Danny's passing. Somehow, I think 
        she always blamed me for that.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED: (2)

Devine curls a half-smile, recalling something...

               FATHER DEVINE
        I was quite the wayward youth.

Agatha turns to the man, stunned. He laughs.

                                       101.

               FATHER DEVINE (CONT’D)
        Its true. Every Dad in town 
        demanded their daughters stay clear 
        from me. Until one day, the priest 
        at our local parish sat me down and 
        says, 'Son, I was just like you. 
        And just like me, God's gonna 
        straighten you out.' Forty years. 
        Still a priest. The only difference 
        between me and the residents here, 
        is by mere technicality, my sins 
        are legal. And in God's eyes, 
        that's not a difference at all.

AGATHA'S POV

Nun points the Bully to the brick wall as punishment. Bully's 
shoulders sink down, his head hangs.

BACK TO SCENE

               FATHER DEVINE (CONT’D)
        Thing about it is, before that 
        priest stepped in, my whole life my 
        own father made sure to fill me in 
        on how exactly small I was to him. 
        So much the voice inside my own 
        head was his. And his habits became 
        mine. When that Priest introduced 
        me to another Father, things 
        changed. Like grace broke a curse.

He stands up from the railing.

               FATHER DEVINE (CONT’D)
        For my dad-whatever it was that had 
        hurt him so badly...I had to bury 
        it, because he couldn’t. He never 
        got courage to. Otherwise, I’d have 
        spent a lifetime running and 
        bearing his pains all over again.

Devine gives a friendly smile.

                                    (CONTINUED)

                                       102.

CONTINUED: (3)

               FATHER DEVINE (CONT’D)
        Grace. It can sometimes be the more 
        expedient action in an effort to 
        successfully correct a man.

SISTER HANNAH approaches, stops at the door way.

               SISTER HANNAH
        Mother Superior. You've a phone 
        call. It's the Police.

Agatha rushes behind Sister Hannah.

INT. AGATHA'S OFFICE - DAY

Willie sits slouched, cuffed, red-faced and tight lipped 
across from Agatha's empty throne. 

Her door swings open. She storms in. Stands at her desk. 
Stares him down. He won't look at her.

               AGATHA
        You run this place long enough, you 
        get tied up with the right people.

Willie nods. Agatha paces the room.

               AGATHA (CONT’D)
        And you are going back in.

               WILLIE
        Yes, I know.

               AGATHA
        They informed me you claim to not 
        know where or why Helen went, but 
        Sister Anne saw you under 
        questionable circumstances.

               WILLIE
        I don't know where she went.

               AGATHA
        I'm surprised by your nerve, Mister 
        James, particularly after...

Agatha trails off, implying. Willie's eyes well up.

               WILLIE
        After what? 

               AGATHA

        Well-

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

               WILLIE
        After what? 

               AGATHA

        After-

                                       103.

               WILLIE
        After my ex keeps threatenin me, 
        hanging my baby girl over my head 
        like she a commodity. Like she 
        leverage? My girl ain't a human 
        being. At least not to Janis. She 
        'Bargaining-Power'. You mean after 
        all that, right? Or maybe after you 
        bein' hell-bent as you is, blockin' 
        all I'm doin' to keep her in my 
        life. Ain't the value of family in 
        your good book, Sister? Oh wait, I 
        forgot, you had a family and you 
        lost him, so you just hellbent on 
        making sure all of the rest of us 
        are just as miserable as you are.

               AGATHA
        That is enough, Mister James.

               WILLIE
        I'm not sure when enough would be 
        enough for you, Sister. You're old. 
        Old. You see everyone adds years. 
        But not everyone gets old.         
        And you very old.

               AGATHA
        I may be old, Mister James. But one 
        thing is abundantly clear...is you 
        aren't old enough.

KNOCK on the door. At the door window, OFFICER 1 gestures 
Agatha as a request for her to come out to the hall.

Agatha steps out.

Willie holds the frame, glances over the desk.

WILLIE'S POV

Situated on her desk, an old school finger wheel telephone.

BACK TO SCENE

Willie gets up, sits at her desk. Picks up the phone, dials.

                                    (CONTINUED)

                                       104.

CONTINUED: (2)

It RINGS...

Willie waits, holding the frame.

Someone picks up...

INTERCUT CONVERSATION:

               JANIS

               WILLIE

        Hello?

        Janis.

               JANIS
        Willie. Today's the big day. Got 
        til noon. Hope you're calling 
        regardin' what it is you owe me.

               WILLIE
        I was callin' to talk to Ava.

               JANIS
        She's busy packing.

               WILLIE
        Is that gutterpup helping her?

               JANIS
        He said you called. 

               WILLIE
        Glad you knew who I meant.

               JANIS
        The money, Willie. Do you have it?

               WILLIE
        Mind telling me his name?

               JANIS
        Should I even bother asking again?

               WILLIE
        Don't get all excited now. Loverboy 
        hung up before I could get to that.

               JANIS
        So you have it?

               WILLIE
        If I did, would you be staying?

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED: (3)

                                       105.

A long pause at the other end of the phone. No response.

               WILLIE (CONT’D)
        I figured some part of you's happy 
        you can't afford that house no 
        more. Maybe you like it that way.

Willie hesitates. Scratches, shakes his head.

               WILLIE (CONT’D)
        No. I don't have it. I had it.

               JANIS

        Typical.

Willie picks up the picture frame of his daughter.

               WILLIE
          (quivering)
        Listen-I-uh-may be going away 
        myself. I was hoping-maybe-you 
        could bring Ava by here.

               JANIS
        Where you going? You runnin'?

He hesitates.

               WILLIE
        It looks like maybe back in.

Willie waits to hear her response. After a long pause...

               JANIS

        Of course.

               WILLIE
        At least let me talk to her. 
        Please. Let her talk to her Daddy 
        one more time.

               JANIS
        She's gotta daddy now. Bye, Willie.

               WILLIE
        Janis. Wait-

The phone goes dead. Willie sighs, hangs up.

INT. JANIS' HOUSE

Janis stills holds a tight grip on the phone.

                                    (CONTINUED)

                                       106.

CONTINUED:

               MAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
          (yells from another room)
        Did he have it?

               JANIS
        What do you think?

She sighs, lets go of the phone.

INT. AGATHA'S OFFICE - DAY

Willie eyes wander to the cracked open window. 

He stands up. Rushes over to the door. Places his cuffed hand 
over the door knob, quiet-like, locks it.

He snatches his daughter's picture off the desk. Rushes to 
the window. Slides it all the way up. Climbs out.

EXT. CITY STREET - DAY

Still cuffed and clasping the picture, Willie holds a thumb 
in the air to hail down a car in the rushing traffic. 

A pick-up truck rolls up. Willie opens the door. 

               WILLIE
        Murfreesboro?

COUNTRY MAN motions for him to get in.

               COUNTRY MAN
        Willie James. Get in.

Willie starts to climb in, but something across the street 
freezes him. Leo stands watching him across the street.

The two men say nothing. Willie gives him a courtesy nod, 
hops in the pick-up. Leo shakes his head. Like a good 
Catholic, he crosses himself across his chest.

The car speeds off.

EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - DAY

The pick-up truck rides across the green pastures of the 
Tennessee country-side as several vehicles come and go.

INT. HALLWAY - DAY

Agatha shakes the knob. Locked. 

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

               AGATHA
        Mister James. Mister James. Open 
        this door right now.

She continues to jar the knob.

EXT. JANIS' HOUSE - DAY

                                       107.

The pick-up truck pulls up to a small country house with 
white-chipped paint. Willie hops out. The two shake hands.

INT. JANIS’ HOUSE - DAY

In the kitchen, Willie steps in through the back screen door. 
He sets down the picture on the kitchen counter. He opens 
drawer, pulls out a pocket knife. 

Lock picks the cuffs. They break open. He tosses them aside. 
Reaches to place the knife back in the drawer.

He freezes. Inside the drawer: the mortgage bill.

He picks it up.

INSERT - MORTGAGE BILL

“OVERDUE PAYMENTS          00.00”                          
“UNPAID LATE CHARGES       00.00”                               
“TOTAL PAYMENT DUE        567.00”

Willie crumples it up. Eyes narrowing.

Janis walks in. Sees Willie. Jolts back, startled.

               JANIS
        Shit, Willie. You scared the shit 
        out of me. What the hell you doing?

He uncrumples the mortgage payment, holds it out.

               WILLIE
        What the hell is this?

               JANIS
        Well, its-uh-

               WILLIE
        You said you’re months in the hole. 
        You were needin’ help.

He slams the paper down on the table.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

                                       108.

               WILLIE (CONT’D)
        You not in the hole at all. I knew 
        you was using her. I didn't know 
        you was lying the whole time. You 
        were never gonna let me see her.

               JANIS
        Not like you never lied, Willie. 
        How else would you ever pay up 
        before we left?

               WILLIE
        You weren’t planning to stay at 
        all. Why?

               JANIS
        Well. The five-grand you legally 
        owe in child support payments was 
        to go towards a new house.

Coming from outside the screen door, RUSTLING of FOOTSTEPS.

               MAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
        Hey honey. I'm back. Didn't have 
        the big boxes you wanted.

The man swings open the door, steps in. It's Perry. 

               WILLIE
        Well, this is fuckin' fantastic.

Perry goes pale.

               PERRY
        Willie. I know this looks bad.

               WILLIE
        You son of a bitch.

Willie charges towards Perry. 

Janis cuts him off, stands between the two. Perry cowers.

               WILLIE (CONT’D)
        My songs weren’t enough, you 
        pawning off my family as yours, 
        too, you chicken shit.

               PERRY
        This isn't your family. Hasn't been 
        for quite some time. And you 
        should've read the fine print.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED: (2)

Willie raises a fist like a hammer about to come down. 

Janis intervenes again.

                                       109.

               JANIS
        Willie. Willie. Time for you to go.

               WILLIE
        What was all that bullshit about 
        karma and being prunes together? 

               PERRY
        I motivate clients for a living, 
        Willie, because most days they 
        can't motivate themselves. 
        Especially you. I was doing my job.

               JANIS
        Willie. Time to get out or I’m 
        calling the cops.

Willie takes a deep breath, steps down from attack mode.

               WILLIE
        Can I say goodbye to my daughter?

               JANIS
        She’s not here, Willie. She’s out 
        with Nanna. Now leave.

Willie makes his way to the screen door while Perry hides 
behind Janis for protection.

               WILLIE
        I'm taking the Harley.

Willie snatches keys off the rack by the door, head out.

EXT. JANIS' HOUSE - GARAGE - DAY

The garage stands separate from the house. 

Willie lifts a rock in the grass. Key lies beneath it. Takes 
the key the padlock on the garage doors. Unlocks it. Casts 
the lock aside. He turns the lever, lifts the door manually.

Stacked junk clutters up the inside. Tools. Lawnmowers. A 
crate of sports equipment. Boxes upon boxes. 

Just inside the door sits a bulky object covered by a tarp. 
He throws off the tarp to reveal his motorcycle. 

He hops on the motorcycle.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

WILLIE'S POV

Parked in the driveway, Perry's Lexus.

BACK TO SCENE

                                       110.

Willie turns back to the sports equipment. Hops off the bike.

Digs in the crate. Pulls out a bat. Marches to the Lexus.

               WILLIE
          (yelling to the house)
        Hey Perry.

Willie bashes the windshield. Cracks into a spiderweb. 

He brings the bat all the way back, swings as hard as he can. 
The web shatters into a thousands pieces.

               WILLIE (CONT’D)
          (yelling to the house)
        How's this for karma?

Janis and Perry rush out the front door, frantic.

               JANIS
        Willie. Stop.

               PERRY
        Willie. Honestly.

Willie swings for the fences, unleashes a barrage of dents 
and cracks into the front bumper and the sides of the car.

Perry scurries nearer to the car to survey the damage.

Willie points the bat at Perry to keep his distance.

               WILLIE
        Not done yet.

Willie goes over to the back windshield. Bats it. Cracks.

               WILLIE (CONT’D)

        You reap-

He launches another blow to the windshield. Shatters clean.

               WILLLIE
        -What you sow.

He laughs. Beams with pride, points the bat at Perry again. 

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED: (2)

               WILLIE
        Am I right?

                                       111.

               LITTLE GIRL'S VOICE (O.S.)

        Daddy?

At the end of the driveway, little Ava and Nanna stand to 
witness the scene. Ava quivers.

               AVA
        What're you doing?

Willie turns pale, drops the bat.

Janis rushes out, picks up Ava.

               JANIS
        Nice, Willie. Real good.

She carries Ava inside. Perry shakes his head at Willie. 
Heads back to the house.

               NANNA
        I see nothing's changed, William.

She strolls by Willie onto the house.

Willie stands alone, shell-shocked. His color gone. He 
reaches into his pocket, holding the necklace.

He casts it into the dirt.

EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - DAY

Willie takes off on his motorcycle down the road.

EXT. JANIS' HOUSE - DAY

Perry and Nanna loads boxes into Perry's battered trunk. 
Nanna holds the frame Willie left behind in her hand.

Janis peruses the garage left open. 

An object shines from the ground catching her eye.

She crouches down, picks it up. The necklace.

               NANNA
        Is this your picture? It was on the 
        kitchen counter. Don't remember you 
        having it?

Janis looks up to Nanna, shakes her head 'No'.

                                       112.

EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - DAY

Willie rides to a stop sign in front of a house.

Willie scans the road to the left. To the right. The one 
behind him. The road ahead. No one around.

In front of nearby house, stands a wooden cross staked into 
ground. Reads "Brewster. A Good Dog Who Meant Well & Passed 
on Because of It." 

A German shepherd rushes out the doors of the house. He 
sniffs around the grave. His sniff follows up the wood of the 
cross. He licks it.

Willie smirks.

Two more German Shepherds rush out to meet the other. The 
three wrestle around, bark, and play.

An ELDERLY WOMAN follows them out, waves to Willie. 

               WILLIE
        How'd he die? The dog. Your dog.

She comes out to meet him.

               ELDERLY WOMAN
        Chasing a snake. This rattler kept 
        pestering us. These three learned 
        to leave it alone. Brewster just 
        wouldn't be trained. So it bit him.

               WILLIE
        Very sorry.

               ELDERLY WOMAN 
        With Brewster, bound to happen 
        sooner a later. He thought he was 
        protecting us. But he was killing 
        himself. And left us with the pain.

The first German shepherd comes to her side, she crouches 
down and scrubs his fur in affection.

               WILLIE
        Well, have a good day.

               ELDERLY WOMAN

        You too.

Willie motors on.

                                       113.

EXT. BIRDY'S CAFE - DAY

The sun shines bright. Willie rides up, parks.

INT. BIRDY'S CAFE - DAY

WAITRESS seats him. Hands out a menu.

               WILLIE
        No need. Just coffee. Two eggs over 
        easy. 3 bacon strips. Biscuit.

Waitress takes the menu, disappears. Several booths across, a 
young woman's head buried in "Love in the Time of Cholera" 
with an open Holy Bible and journal lying on the table. 

Willie gets up with his coffee, walks over to her.

               WILLIE (CONT’D)
        I suggest reading-what was it? New 
        seeds of contemplation?

The girl looks up. It's Helen in jeans and red t-shirt.

               HELEN

        Willie?

               WILLIE
          (refers to the cafe)
        I hoped I might see you here. Being 
        I'd heard you left.

               HELEN
        I said I'd stop in.

He takes the seat across from her.

               WILLIE
        Getting a good breakfast being the 
        food in prison won't be too good.

               HELEN
        What happened?

               WILLIE
        Just another long story in a long 
        line of long stories for me. 

               HELEN
        So what now?

                                    (CONTINUED)

                                       114.

CONTINUED:

               WILLIE
        My ex is taking my daughter halfway 
        across the country to make a new 
        life elsewhere. And my agent 
        thought it be best to go with her.

Helen puts down her book.

               HELEN
        Ah. Well. You could come with me.

               WILLIE
        Yeah? Where you headed?

               HELEN
        Don’t know. Just trying to find my 
        own Canaan.

Willie chuckles.

               HELEN (CONT’D)
        We could live on the road you know. 
        Meal to meal. Place to place.
          (raises her eyebrows)
        Together. I’m free now. Just 
        another ordinary girl without vows.

Willie scratches his face. She gives him a smile.

               HELEN (CONT’D)
        Could be fun.

               WILLIE
        Until cops come barreling down the 
        door and decide I need an even more 
        extended stay at the penitentiary.

               HELEN
        Is that a ‘no’?

               WILLIE
        Maybe if I was twenty.
          (grins)
        No, I’m just gonna eat up here. 
        Head back. She’ll call the cops. 
        I’ll be arrested.

               HELEN

        You sure?

                                    (CONTINUED)

                                       115.

CONTINUED: (2)

               WILLIE
        If I said I would, that'd just be 
        more wilderness talk for me and I'm 
        too old for that.

               HELEN
        Suit yourself.

She sips her coffee.

               HELEN (CONT’D)
        Let me ask you, Willie. Why'd you 
        go to jail the first time?

               WILLIE
        You mean you don't know?

               HELEN
        I avoided reading the crimes listed 
        in the files so not to judge the 
        men. They'd served their time.

               WILLIE
        I had let a friend of mine borrow 
        my Caddy. And one day, Me, Janis, 
        and Ava was taking a vacation. 
        Driving down to a beach in Alabama. 
        I got pulled over for going ten 
        over. The cop checked underneath 
        the flap in the trunk. Found over 
        two-hundred pounds of marijuana.

               HELEN
        Your friend left it there?

               WILLIE
        For the longest time I blamed him.
        I shouldn't have let him borrow my 
        car. Should've known being him. 
        Shouldn't have had Ava in the car.
          (smiling)
        Should've known why the damn thing 
        was guzzling so much gas that day.

Helen cracks up in laughter. Willie smiles big.

               HELEN
        When did you forgive him?

               WILLIE
        About ten minutes ago.

Willie reaches in his pocket.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED: (3)

                                       116.

               WILLIE (CONT’D)
        Wherever you go, take these. As a 
        little reminder of me.

               HELEN
        I couldn't do that, Willie.     
        Those are good luck charms.

               WILLIE
        Look at this face. Didn't you hear 
        a word I just said.

               HELEN
        But everyone knows you for those-

               WILLIE
        No, they don't. Somehow that rumor 
        got started about me a long time 
        ago. After it became legend, only 
        then did I start carrying them.

               HELEN

        Huh?

He cracks up.

               WILLIE
        It's true. It was good fun when I 
        was young. Seems childish now.   
        I'm nearing fifty. Almost a prune. 

               HELEN
        That's not that old.

               WILLIE
        In my business it is.

Helen lifts them off the table.

               HELEN
        Well, thank you. 

She shuffles them herself, chuckles. Sets them down. 

Waitress bring plates of eggs, bacon, toast. Refills coffees.

INT. BIRDY'S CAFE - MINUTES LATER

Server picks up empty plates. Willie slouches back, stuffed.

               WILLIE
        I didn't think about this before I 
        came in to eat. 
               (MORE)

                                    (CONTINUED)

                                       117.

CONTINUED:

               WILLIE (CONT'D)
        When they arrested me, they took my 
        wallet and all my cash inside.

She smiles.

               WILLIE (CONT’D)
        At this point, I could dine and 
        ditch and wouldn't really matter. 
        What else I got to lose, right?

               HELEN

        I got it.

Willie puts on his jacket. Helen throws cash on the table.

               WILLIE
        Thank you, Miss Helen.

               HELEN
        You're welcome, Willie.

They booth scoot out the booth.

Helen kisses him on the cheek. 

               WILLIE
        Actually, you think you could do me 
        a big favor?

INT. AGATHA'S OFFICE - DAY

Agatha thrusts her glasses off onto the desk. Closes her eyes 
tight. Rubs them. Exhales.

KNOCK on the DOOR. Door opens. It's Willie. Helen follows in. 

In reflex, Agatha stands.

               SISTER AGATHA
        Mister James? Sister Helen?

               WILLIE
        Sister Agatha.

               SISTER AGATHA
        I'm rather surprised to see you 
        here. The police are racing around 
        town. We thought you were long 
        gone. Though I am thrilled, I must 
        say I am perplexed. Why

               WILLIE
        One reason.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

                                       118.

               SISTER AGATHA
        What's that?

               WILLIE
        Real apologies ain't words. They 
        just the beginning.

               SISTER AGATHA

        I see.

She turns to Helen.

               SISTER AGATHA (CONT’D)
        As for you, Sister Helen. We were-I 
        was worried sick. I'm glad to know 
        you're safe.

               SISTER HELEN
        Willie didn't do anything, Mother. 
        I left because of me. And I only 
        back here to tell you that.

               SISTER AGATHA
        I take it you are not returning for 
        good then.

               SISTER HELEN
        Some day perhaps. But not this day.

Sister Agatha picks up the phone, spins the dial wheel.

               SISTER AGATHA
        It is my legal obligation to-

Willie puts his hand on the hook to stop her.

               WILLIE
        Don't bother.

               SISTER AGATHA

        Excuse me?

KNOCK on the DOOR. It opens.

               WILLIE
        Already called 'em. They on their 
        way here right now.

Door opens. OFFICER 3 & OFFICER 4 stroll in.

               SISTER AGATHA
        Oh. Um-I see.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED: (2)

                                       119.

               WILLIE
        Dependin' on court dates and my 
        sentencin', I'm sure I'll be back 
        either next year or the one after. 
        If you'll have me.

               SISTER AGATHA
        Um. Yes. Yes. Of course.

Willie puts his hands behind his back. They cuff him.

               OFFICER 3

               HELEN

        Lets go.

        Wait.

Helen wraps her arms around Willie. 

Still holding on, she looks up at him. Willie leans in, 
kisses her on the forehead like a father to a daughter.

               WILLIE
        You enjoy the road, Miss Helen.

Helen's eyes turn red about to flood. She wipes them.

               HELEN

               OFFICER 3

        I will.

        Come on.

Helen lets go.

               WILLIE
        Goodbye Sister. Goodbye Miss Helen. 

The cops escort him to the door.

18 MONTHS LATER

INT. PRISON CELL - DAY

Cell bars cast shadows over Willie sitting perched at the 
edge of his bed. Strums guitar. A packed duffel bag sits at 
the foot of his bed. His guitar case lays on the floor open.

A loud BUZZ. Cell door slides open. All shadows gone. 
Sunlight over him.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

               PRISON GUARD (O.S.)
        Willie James. Today's your big day. 
        Ready to get out and see the world?

                                       120.

Willie puts guitar away, buckles it up. Throws the case and 
his bag over his back. 

EXT. HALFWAY HOUSE - DAY

A cab pulls up. After a moment, the door opens. 

Willie gets out with his case and bag. Agatha waits outside 
the front door. A grin on her face.

The cab drives off. Willie approaches.

               AGATHA

        William.

               WILLIE
        William? I was expecting 'Mister 
        James'. Nothing else.

               AGATHA
        I can call you that. Or how about 
        Junior? Would that work?

               WILLIE
        You know better.

Agatha leads Willie to the building.

               AGATHA
        Have you heard from Ava?

               WILLIE

        No.

Willie opens the door before Agatha gets to it. She goes in. 
He follows. The door swings shut behind them.

INT. BUNK ROOM - DAY

Willie carries bag and case in, the bunk room crowded with 
residents. He finds an open top bunk. LOWELL sits on bottom. 
Willie sets his things on the ground.

               WILLIE
        This top one taken?

               LOWELL
        It's yours.

                                    (CONTINUED)

                                       121.

CONTINUED:

               WILLIE

        Thank you.

Lowell sits up, reaches his hand out to Willie.

               LOWELL
        I'm Lowell.

               WILLIE
        Willie. Or William. Or Bill. Don't 
        think it matters too much.

               LOWELL
        Nice to meet you, Willie.

They shake his hands. Agatha steps in the door.

               AGATHA
        Mister James. Meet me out in the 
        garden in ten minutes. There's some 
        work that needs to be done. 

Willie nods. Agatha disappears.

               LOWELL
        She don't mess around. Not quite 
        sure if she's human. You have to 
        have a soul first.

               WILLIE
        She's got one.

Willie opens up his bag, starts unpacking.

EXT. HALFWAY HOUSE - DAY

Willie walks out the front doors.

EXT. ST. FRANCIS CATHOLIC CHURCH - BACKSIDE - DAY

Willie walks along the side wall. 

Agatha stands at the end of it, waiting for Willie.

He comes to the end of the wall.

               AGATHA
        This will not be uprooted.

Agatha holds out her hand in the direction of the garden. He 
turns to see his baby girl Ava picking at flowers in a garden 
now plush, full, and weedless. Violets. Lotuses. Yellow 
lilies. Red roses. All decorate that which was once desolate. 

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED:

                                       122.

               WILLIE
        What? How'd you get her-

               AGATHA
        I called Janis last week. Actually 
        everyday for two weeks. I had a 
        word with her. I was able to 
        convince her to bring Ava by today 
        while she was at work.

               WILLIE
        She moved back?

               AGATHA
        It ended up you were not the only 
        one ended up being slighted.

               WILLIE
          (shakes his head)
        What did Perry do?

               AGATHA
        I'm not really sure of the odds and 
        ends. It know she was hurt and came 
        back here to stay with her mother.

               WILLIE
        I appreciate you doing this.

               AGATHA
        Give a man hope and he runs free. 
        Give a man only fear and judgement, 
        and he will tiptoe through life.

               WILLIE
        Is that the Bible?

               AGATHA
        No. Far from it.

               WILLIE
        What's it from?

               AGATHA
        This morning's journal entry.

Willie laughs.

               WILLIE
        Well. I like it, Sister. To be 
        honest, I needed a little 
        tiptoeing. Hope you know how much 
        this means to me and my girl there.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED: (2)

                                       123.

               AGATHA
        I lost a son. Danny. Some time ago. 
        He was what was of my family. I 
        wish on no one that pain, because 
        it took a good half a century to 
        get over. And all that time I 
        thought I was.

               WILLIE
        Well, thank you, Sister Agatha. 

               AGATHA
        You should go say hello.

Willie smiles, ambushes Agatha with a giant hug. She keeps 
her hands down. Awkward. Not really sure how to receive it.

He lets go, hurries over to Ava. 

Ava holds several flowers in hand.

               WILLIE
        What're you doing?

               AVA
        Making a bouquet.

He crouches down to her.

               WILLIE
        Those are very pretty. You know who 
        planted these?

               AVA
        You did. Miss Agatha told me.

               WILLIE

        She did?

He gives Agatha a nod.

Around Ava's neck hangs a necklace chain. He reaches for it, 
slides it up to reveal the butterfly hanging at the end of 
it. He grasps it in his hands.

               WILLIE (CONT’D)
        Where'd you get this?

               AVA
        Mommy found it on the ground. 
        Said you fixed it.

                                    (CONTINUED)

CONTINUED: (3)

               WILLIE
        She gave it to you, huh?

                                       124.

Ava nods. She smells the flowers she holds. Willie grins. 
Kisses her on the forehead. He embraces and hugs her tight.

                             FADE TO BLACK.

