                    M.I.A.

                  Written By 

     Chris "Insomnia" Stout & JB "Narcolepsy" Hogan

Address
Phone Number

CLOSE ON: INTENSE BLUE EYES

rising and falling. The rhythmic grunt of pull ups. White 
KNUCKLES holding pipe, knotted SCARS on a glistening back, 
and finally, WORDS on pages--a HAND-WRITTEN letter and a 
TYPED document. 

Two VOICES overlap as they read, a WOMAN trying to hold it 
together and a bureaucratic MAN.

               WOMAN AND MAN
        Dear John... Captain Raven, 
        concerning the matters on the 6th 
        of April, 1946....  I cried for 
        months after I got the call... the 
        fate of the 104th Marine division 
        and the 462 souls aboard the 
        U.S.S.... You'd like him. He's a 
        kind man and he treats me well.

The grunts intensify, mixed with pain and emotion.

               WOMAN AND MAN
        Regardless, your actions of heroism 
        have made your country 
        proud...Please look us up when you 
        get into town. I'll always love 
        you. 

MARINE CAPTAIN JOHN RAVEN (32), muscular, dirty-blonde hair, 
piercing blue eyes, ends his workout with a shout and drops 
from the pipe he's been holding. He's in a--

INT. BATTLECRUISER, ENGINE ROOM - DAY

He stands, sweating and panting, then notices a crowd of 
wide-eyed sailors surrounds him, too intimidated to speak. 
From their uniforms, it's clear we're in WWII.

               RAVEN
        Sorry...thought I was alone down 
        here.

ENSIGN GALLOWAY (20), lanky and awkward, steps forward.

               GALLOWAY

        Uh, sir...

Raven puts on his shirt, quickly covering his scarred back.

               RAVEN
           (hoping the answer is no)
        You guys want autographs?

               GALLOWAY
        Uh, no sir, I actually already 
        bought one from Lt. Hampton.

Raven smiles.

               RAVEN
        That's impressive since I haven't 
        signed anything... Did you need 
        something?

               GALLOWAY
        Um, you're not allowed down here, 
        sir. I've been asked to escort you 
        back to your quarters.

               RAVEN
        I can find my own way.

Raven starts to walk past, Galloway steps in front of him.

               GALLOWAY
        Um. I...actually have to escort 
        you, sir.

               RAVEN

        Of course.

Raven nods to the other sailors. 

BATTLECRUISER, HALLWAYS - MOMENTS LATER

Raven and Galloway wind through the ship's corridors. 
Galloway builds up the courage to speak.

               GALLOWAY
        You know, you're the reason I 
        signed up.

               RAVEN
        You got inspired by a dead man?

               GALLOWAY
        See, I'm from Emmitsville too... 
        Can I ask you something, sir?

               RAVEN
        Can I stop you?

               GALLOWAY

        Yes, sir.

Raven smiles.

               RAVEN
        Grow a sense of humor, kid. You'll 
        go crazy otherwise.

               GALLOWAY
        Is that what got you through?

               RAVEN
           (darkens)
        ...Something like that... What did 
        you want to ask me?

               GALLOWAY
        What made you do it?

               RAVEN
        ...People do stupid things under 
        pressure.

               GALLOWAY
        But you're a hero. You're going to 
        meet the President!

               RAVEN
        I'm going home.

               GALLOWAY

        But...

               RAVEN
        You want some advice I wish to God 
        someone had given me?

               GALLOWAY

        Yes, Sir!

               RAVEN
        There's no such thing as heroes.  
        People will die and you can't stop 
        it. You give up everything, because 
        you think you're making a 
        difference, but it doesn't matter. 
        Nothing we're doing here matters. 
        You know what does matter? Getting 
        home.

               GALLOWAY
        But...but I just got out of there!

               RAVEN
        It's not a prison.

               GALLOWAY
        I didn't mean--

               RAVEN
        I know what you meant. I couldn't 
        wait to get out either. I've spent 
        every day since trying to get back.

Galloway stops in front of a door, but Raven keeps walking.

               GALLOWAY
        That's your quarters, sir.

               RAVEN
        I've been locked up for 5 years.

               GALLOWAY
        It's not a prison.

Raven gives a half smile. Climbs a ladder.

               RAVEN
        The sun's coming up.

               GALLOWAY
        Sir, I can't let you go topside.

               RAVEN
        You also can't stop me...Ensign.

EXT. PACIFIC OCEAN, NAVAL ARMADA - DAY

Raven's Battlecruiser is only one of a dozen huge ships. 

SUPERIMPOSE: "PACIFIC THEATER, WWII" after a beat, "...1950"

EXT. BATTLECRUISER UPPER DECK - DAY

Raven steps out on deck, Galloway nervously follows.

ANGLE ON - RAVEN tilts his face up, basking in the SUNRISE.

               RAVEN
        The Japs got one thing right. 
        There's life in that ball. Makes 
        things new. 

               GALLOWAY
        Sir, please! Captain Marks will 
        kill me if...

Galloway breaks off when Raven's face falls. He looks 
towards the sun--incoming ENEMY AIRCRAFT. 

AIR RAID KLAXONS start screaming.

               ENSIGN GALLOWAY
        Sir, you NEED to get back to your 
               (MORE)

               ENSIGN GALLOWAY (CONT'D)

        quarters.

Raven nods and Galloway runs to his battle station on a deck 
mounted ANTI-AIRCRAFT GUN. 

INT. BATTLECRUISER, HALLWAYS - CONTINUOUS

Raven slides down the ladder below deck as the scream of jet 
engines grows closer. He runs past frantic sailors towards 
his quarters, the ship is ROCKED by an explosion and a pipe 
bursts. Gouts of SCALDING STEAM erupt, blocking Raven's 
path. He's forced back up topside.  

EXT. BATTLECRUISER UPPER DECK - DAY

The deck is chaos, men scramble to man the Anti-Aircraft 
(AA) Guns against the sky full of early model JET FIGHTERTS.

A jet peels out of formation and screams over us, its 
machine guns tearing into the deck. 

A DECK GUNNER'S hit. He falls overboard.  

               YELLING VOICE (O.S.)
        Someone get that gun up!

Raven looks around, everyone's already at a post. He 
hesitates a beat, then bolts for the gun.

EXT. AIRCRAFT CARRIER DECK - CONTINUOUS

US Fighters launch from an AIRCRAFT CARRIER and the

SKIES

fill with swirling contrails and explosions as the 
dogfighting jets tear into each other.

Another JAPANESE JET lines up to strafe Raven's ship.

EXT. BATTLECRUISER UPPER DECK - CONTINUOUS

Raven fires, ripping through the JET'S COCKPIT. The pilot's 
riddled by AA bullets and the jet hits the aft deck, 
becoming a fireball before skidding into the ocean.

As Raven tracks for another target he sees the US AIRCRAFT 
CARRIER struck by a KAMIKAZE PLANE. The ammo and jet fuel 
ignite and the whole ship goes up in flames.

Another JAPANESE JET peels off from the dogfight and makes a 
beeline for Raven's boat, but instead of coming in low for a 
strafing run, it climbs, then takes a nose dive straight 
down. The cry goes up as crew scrambles to get off deck.

               VARIOUS SAILORS

        KAMIKAZE!

We hear a deafening sound as if the sky is ripping open.

A VORTEX 

opens above the BATTLECRUISER. It crackles with 
multi-colored lightening. The crew on deck, desperately 
clings to anything bolted down while their feet get pulled 
skyward--bodies elongating. But it's no use. One by one AA 
gunners scream as they're sucked up into the swirling void.

Through the violent wind, Raven sees ENSIGN GALLOWAY lose 
his grip and fly upward. Raven's holding on by 4 fingers, 3 
fingers, 2... he uses all his strength to get his other hand 
on a pipe. Just when his grip is secure, the KAMIKAZE JET 
CRASHES into the deck. 

The explosion blasts Raven sideways, then straight up. He 
sails towards the crackling void, along with the flaming 
wreckage of the jet.

The VORTEX swallows him, then blinks out of existence. 

EXT. EDGE CITY, TIME MACHINE PAD - NIGHT

Raven and the wreckage WARP back out of the vortex onto a 
large, multi-colored glowing TIME MACHINE PAD. He lands and 
crouches, shielding himself from the flaming debris.

               MACHINE TECH 1 (O.S.)
        There's a jet in here!

               MACHINE TECH 2 (O.S.)
        Keep it in the buffer! I'll empty 
        it later!

Raven looks up to see two MACHINE TECHS huddled around a 
free standing CONTROL PANEL. 

               MACHINE TECH 1
        Don't forget this time.

               MACHINE TECH 2

        I won't!

               MACHINE TECH 1
        Get him off the pad! We need to 
        pull more infantry!

A DOZEN MEN in black fatigues rush Raven and pull him off 
the RAISED PAD. The night sky glows orange and we can hear 
the not-so-distant explosions of battle. 

Raven's shoved into the arms of someone familiar--Ensign 
Galloway. Galloway's still wearing his WW2 sailor uniform 
but his vest, helmet and rifle are modded with future tech. 

               ENSIGN GALLOWAY
        How's your stomach?

               RAVEN

        What?

               ENSIGN GALLOWAY
        The jump makes people nauseous. If 
        you don't need to puke, follow me.

               RAVEN

        I'm fine.

They take two steps. Raven retches.

               ENSIGN GALLOWAY
        Feel better?

               RAVEN

        No.

               ENSIGN GALLOWAY
        Let's move, we're getting hit hard 
        and I need you at my gun.

               RAVEN
        What the hell is going on?

               ENSIGN GALLOWAY
        No time now. Come ON!

Raven follows Galloway, through the dark, chaotic streets of 
an army base. We'll come to know this place as EDGE CITY. 

EXT. EDGE CITY, RAMPARTS - NIGHT

We follow Raven up to the top of the 40 foot city walls. 
Flares illuminate the sky, revealing Pterodactyls and other 
prehistoric scavengers.

He's silhouetted in the orange glow of the battlefield sky. 
As we PUSH IN, we can see the battle rage beyond the walls. 

Thousands of warriors from all time periods fight to the 
death -- Samurais vs. Knights vs. Spartans vs. Futuristic 
Mercs. The weapons glow and crackle with future tech.

Raven's mouth hangs open, eyes wide. The sound blurs to 
indistinct muffles. Suddenly, it snaps back and he finally 
hears Galloway shouting.

               ENSIGN GALLOWAY
        Raven. RAVEN! You're my loader! Got 
        it?

               RAVEN

        Got it.

Raven takes in his immediate surroundings. He's standing at 
one of several GUN EMPLACEMENTS, mounted every 50 feet along 
the wall. He's part of a five man crew, two other WWII 
soldiers carefully unbox 100 pound shells for the gun 
Galloway's booting up. 

They're guarded by a nasty looking MERC with a nozzle-gun 
leading to a PACK on his back. 

Below, waves of warriors slam against the city walls, while 
the  defenders unload everything they have. Artillery pieces 
roar and the walls shake.

Raven's handed a shell and he drops it into its hole while 
Galloway selects his target on a HOLOGRAPHIC CONSOLE.

               GALLOWAY

        FIRE!

The crew plugs their ears at the deafening BOOM. 

EXT. BATTLEFIELD - CONTINUOUS

We follow the shell out to get a FLY OVER view of the 
battle, spotting details we couldn't see before--blades glow 
and crackle with electricity, arrows explode. Each ancient 
weapon augmented with future tech. 

The shell zips down and slams into a column of SAMURAIS on 
horseback. Their swords are alight with blue sparks.

The blast from the shell obliterates the Samurais. Only one 
is left, totally unharmed, a subtle purple glow around him. 
We can clearly see a glowing high tech box on his chest 
mounted on an X shaped harness.

EXT. EDGE CITY, RAMPARTS - CONTINUOUS

Raven's team scrambles to hand him another shell.

               GALLOWAY

        RELOAD!

Raven drops the huge shell into its chamber. When he turns 
away, plugging his ears, he spots a squad of VIKING 
BERSERKERS setting up a large turreted siege engine. It's a 
HARD LIGHT ZIPLINE, it fires a coherent beam of energy that 

affixes to the wall. The Vikings use high-tech bracers to 
latch on and are whisked up to the ramparts.

               ENSIGN GALLOWAY (O.S.)

        FIRE!

Another BOOM, the wall shakes while Vikings climb over it. 
Their axes spin like buzz saws and the GUNNER CREW fifty 
feet down the wall is dismembered in seconds. 

               RAVEN
        Galloway! We've got incoming!

Galloway spots the VIKINGS tearing through the soldiers that 
stand in their way, aiming straight for Raven's squad. 

               GALLOWAY
        Light 'em up!

The nasty looking MERC with the backpack gun throws a lever 
on his pack, it makes a high pitch SCREE.

               GALLOWAY
        What are you waiting for?!

               MERC
        Cool it, kid. They're not in range. 

The Vikings confidently walk towards our team, seeming not 
to notice the machine gun fire they're taking. 

A nearby soldier fires a BAZOOKA. The rocket zips to a stop 
two feet in front of the head Viking. He looks at it 
curiously. The rocket puffs, then opens up like a glowing 
flower. It's exploding in super-slow motion. 

The Vikings smile, walking around the almost frozen flame. 
He has the same X shaped harness and box we saw earlier--a 
SHIELD PACK.

               GALLOWAY
        What about now?

The Merc raises his weapon.

               MERC
        Now they're in--

The Merc's head is split by a thrown ax. He falls. The 
machine on his back SCREES louder and louder, about to blow.

Galloway fumbles to get the machine off the Merc's back.

               GALLOWAY
        I need help!

Raven dashes out towards the dead Merc. He baseball slides, 
narrowly avoiding another throwing axe.

He scrambles to get the nozzle of the gun aimed towards the 
Vikings, and then thumbs the firing pad.

Lightning arcs out from the gun in a brilliant blue and 
white fork. In seconds the whole Viking assault team is 
reduced to cinders. 

He looks at the gun, then up, stunned and out of breath.

BLACK SCREEN

TITLE: MIA

EXT. BATTLEFIELD -- DAY

We're close on an EYE. Suddenly, the sharp beak of a 
PREHISTORIC SCAVENGER tears into it.

We float past the body revealing  pterosaurs fighting over a 
thousand more corpses scattered in front of 

EDGE CITY

In the light, the circular WALLS look like they were formed 
from one mile-wide, pitted rock. We sail over them to find--

GENERAL TULLIS, 45, tall, strong, short cropped dark hair, 
the commanding authority of a general in total control. 

His eyes are hidden by AVIATORS mirrored with a green tint.

Tullis barks short bursts of precise words to two hundred 
American WWII "recruits." 

               TULLIS
        My name is General Tullis. I am 
        commander here and I want to make 
        one thing astoundingly clear--this 
        is your new home. To the world you 
        left, you are MIA. Your wives, your 
        loved ones think you died nobly on 
        the battlefield. They have moved 
        on, they have remarried and have a 
        new life. And so do you. 

We float over the new recruits until we come in close on 
RAVEN and GALLOWAY. 

               RAVEN
           (whispering)
        I counted 12 guards near the time 
        machine when I landed. We'll need 
        more men.

               GALLOWAY

        Shhh.

               TULLIS 
        Why are you here? What war could be 
        so desperate that men are drafted 
        from the pages of history? This 
        war. This war decides the future of 
        the entire human race. Billions of 
        men, woman and children will live 
        or die based your actions here. 
        This is World War Three, gentlemen. 
        And you fought it 65 million years 
        before you were born.  

Tullis nods to his Aide-de-camp, LT. GRAVES,(30) 5'2", 98 
pounds. One thick boot tells us his left leg is 3" shorter.

Galloway holds up his PDA, a rectangular scroll that he 
pulls apart to reveal a clear plastic screen. 

ANGLE ON - RAVEN

               RAVEN
           (whispering)
        We'll need at least twenty 
        prisoners to overpower them. Thirty 
        to be safe. I've never seen their 
        weapons before.

               GALLOWAY
           (whispering)
        We're not prisoners. Listen!

               TULLIS
        Why is this future worth 
        protecting? I'll let it speak for 
        itself. 

A 20-foot hologram of the Edge Corp CEO (60's) refined, 
appears over the men, projected from Galloway's PDA.

               CEO
        Hello, gentlemen. My name is David 
        Archer, President and CEO of Edge 
        Corporation. 

While he talks, "inspirational" music chimes and the 
holo-vid turns into a corporate sales-pitch showing off the 
the smiling scientists and sleek buildings of the future. 

               CEO
        How many of you had a loved-one 
        who's life was saved from disease? 
        Cancer, Polio, Scarlet Fever? Edge 
        Corp created the cure for every one 
        of those diseases, and if we hadn't 
        spread the cure through time, your 
        loved ones would have died. Just a 
        short time after the devastation 
        you came from, we put an end to 
        war, poverty and hunger. The future 
        of humanity is nothing short of 
        paradise. 

Some WWII recruits gape at the holo-vid images of the sleek 
and gleaming future.

               CEO
        Surprisingly, 30 years ago, Edge 
        Corporation was a struggling 
        startup in a corrupt and war-ridden 
        world. In one generation we've 
        transformed the bleak future into 
        this utopia. How did we do it?... 
        The Core.

A huge, holographic, multi-colored rock hovers over them.

               CEO
        This little miracle crashed to 
        earth at the center of an asteroid 
        65 million years ago... Or 2 years 
        ago from where you stand. An 
        asteroid your base was built 
        around.

The men look around, it's clear what the odd, pocked walls 
are made from. They're standing in a carved out asteroid.

               CEO
        You see, higgsium, the element that 
        makes up this core, can't be 
        transported through a time machine 
        without...consequences.

The hologram shows the universe violently ripping in half, 
then exploding. A small "artist's rendition" underneath.

               CEO
        So instead, you are the guardians 
        of eternity. You are the pioneers 
        of a forever city that will watch 
        and protect this core, ensuring the 
        safety and survival of humanity.

The holo-vid turns propogandistic--strong Edge Tech 
historical warriors vs. sinister Japanese ones--clearly 
created to register with its WWII audience.

               CEO 
        Your enemy, the greedy Han Tek 
        Corporation hates the power and 
        saftey we've provided. They want to 
        destroy the core in your time, 
        before we can use it for good.

The hologram shows the utopia turning into a slum.

               CEO
        They want the plagues, the 
        starvation, the death and the wars 
        of the original timeline. You are 
        time's protectors and humanities 
        only hope. This is the TRUE war to 
        end all wars. It is the first war 
        and the last. Fight well, valiant 
        warriors. We're counting on you!

The video plays out with a triumphant, horn-filled tune, 
that's unceremoniously paused. The "screen" disappears, 
sucked back up into Graves's PDA. 

               RAVEN
           (whispering)
        Do you know anyone who can operate 
        the time machine?

               GALLOWAY
           (whispering)
        There's always one idiot...

               TULLIS
        I need you to hear two things! 
        First, there's always one idiot who 
        thinks he can escape through the 
        time machine to get home, but 
        what's the first thing I told you?

               GALLOWAY
        This is our home, sir!

               TULLIS
        That's right. That machine is a 
        landing pad, it doesn't go forward. 
        This was a one way ticket, so 
        settle in...

Galloway gives Raven an "I told you so" look.

               TULLIS
        Second, some of you are 
        unconvinced. Many will fight just 
        to kill japs. Nobler men will fight 
        for humanity's future, but everyone 
        will fight for one simple reason! 
        You do not exist in the unaltered 
        timeline. Your parents did not 
        conceive you in timeline prime, so 
        you are fighting for your very 
        life. That's why you were chosen!

               RAVEN
        I wasn't chosen.  

               GALLOWAY
        Tullis doesn't make mistakes. 

               RAVEN
           (a little too loud)
        I wasn't supposed to be on that 
        deck!

Tullis looks at Raven.

               TULLIS
        Do we have a problem?

               GALLOWAY
        Sorry, General! One of our new 
        recruits doesn't think he belongs 
        here.

               TULLIS
        What's your name, soldier?

               RAVEN
        Raven...Marine Captain John Raven, 
        104th.

Graves' eyebrow raises. Recognition? He taps his PDA, shows 
it to Tullis. 

               TULLIS
           (reading)
               (MORE)

               TULLIS (CONT'D)
        Captain Raven, Emmitsville Ohio, 
        parents Robert and Cybill... 
        Interesting... 
           (to Raven)
        Captain Raven, I'm afraid Robert 
        and Cybill never met in timeline 
        prime. So if Han Tek destroys the 
        core, resetting time, what do you 
        think will happen to you?  

               RAVEN
           (bored)
        I'll die.

               TULLIS
        If if were that.

Tullis grabs a fist-sized brittle rock. Crushes it. Slowly.

               TULLIS
        Before we blink out of existence, 
        our bodies will implode until we 
        become microscopic black holes...  
        Do you know what a black hole does 
        to your perception of time?

               RAVEN

        No, sir.

The rock crumbles in his iron grasp.

               TULLIS
        It slows it down. Infinitely. Your 
        last second of life will be 10,000 
        years of crushing, indescribable 
        agony. And God won't hear your 
        cries, because to him, you were 
        never created. 

Tullis looks over the men. You could here a pin drop.

               TULLIS
        That's why I recommend you fight. 
        CO's, please find your new 
        recruits. Any questions can be 
        answered by them.

               RAVEN
           (to Galloway)
        Who's my commanding officer?

               GALLOWAY

        I am.

EXT. EDGE CITY, STREETS -- DAY

We catch snippets of dozens of ancient dialects as Raven and 
Galloway weave through the crowds of anachronistic soldiers 
in the busy dirt streets. 

The "city" is more army base than anything. Most structures 
are either tents or simple buildings with tin roofs. Some 
are even carved out of the asteroid the city's built from. 

               GALLOWAY
        I got here a few months ago. I've 
        been waiting for you.
           (off Raven's look)
        People get buffered in the machine 
        and sent to the time when they're 
        most needed. We needed another 
        gunner last night, so it spit you 
        out. There's huge turnover. Lots of 
        field promotions. I'm a lieutenant 
        now. I outrank you.

               RAVEN
        You outrank a captain?

               GALLOWAY
        You're not a captain here. Everyone 
        starts out the same, we get to 
        prove our worth to Tullis.

               RAVEN
        Sounds like a glorious honor.

               GALLOWAY
        Tullis is a great leader. I don't 
        care what you said before. This 
        fight matters.

Galloway enters the--

INT. ARMORY, FRONT OFFICE - DAY

It's a simple room with a few clerks manning a counter led 
by the QUARTERMASTER (40's), a nerd who loves his job. 

He's signing out a teched-up SPEAR to a CARTHAGINIAN. The 
warrior takes the spear, thumbs a trigger and the spearhead 
spins like a drill bit.

               GALLOWAY
        Tullis figured out right away that 
        if you take away a man's weapon, 
        and put some newfangled gun in his 
               (MORE)

               GALLOWAY (CONT'D)
        hand, you give him a death 
        sentence. 
           (under his breath)
        Especially for the sword and 
        sandals crowd. Here they can modify 
        almost any weapon to make it on par 
        with a gun. Or if you're used to a 
        gun, we have some fun upgrades.

Galloway steps up to the counter.

               QUARTERMASTER
        What have we here?

               GALLOWAY
        World War Two, Pacific Theater, 
        Marine. 

               QUARTERMASTER
        Ok, don't tell me. Uhhh. M1903 Bolt 
        Action Springfield, 45mm Handgun. 

               RAVEN
        That's right.

               QUARTERMASTER
           (lighting up)
        Did the rifle come through with 
        you?

Galloway shakes his head.

               QUARTERMASTER
        That's a shame, I'd have loved to 
        get my hands on it. Still, we'll 
        find you a good fit. 

The Quartermaster grins and pulls back a curtain behind him.

               QUARTERMASTER 
        Step into my office.

INT. ARMORY, MAIN ROOM - MOMENTS LATER

Raven stands in the center of a giant Armory, arms out. The 
Quartermaster fits him with a FLAK JACKET, preening as if 
it's a prom dress, while Raven tries to scope out the rows 
and rows of 

WEAPONS

They're all different, but with a unified look--black, 
dangerous, industrial.

               QUARTERMASTER
        Nanofiber mesh. We reinforce the 
        shields with it. Good for bullets, 
        but don't go jumping on any 
        grenades.

               RAVEN
        I hadn't planned on it.

The Quartermaster clips a futuristic CAMERA/EARPIECE to 
Raven's M1 helmet. A black plastic piece surrounds the orbit 
of Raven's eye. The Quartermaster taps the device and a 
green glass monocle slides into place over his eye.

               QUARTERMASTER
        Radio and heads up display. You can 
        access maps, tactical information, 
        anything you want.

RAVEN'S POV. The room bursts with an overlay of information.

               QUARTERMASTER (CONT'D)
        And the cherry on top! The ear 
        piece is injecting your translator!
           (in Chinese)
        Can you understand me?

Raven throws off the helmet/earpiece.

               RAVEN
        What the hell?!

               QUARTERMASTER
        Pretty cool, right? Tingles the 
        first few times.

Raven's not happy.

               QUARTERMASTER
        Oh come on, you can understand like 
        a thousand languages now! 

               GALLOWAY
        Grow a sense of humor. You'll go 
        crazy otherwise. 

The Quartermaster holds up a modded .45. The sight throws a 
glowing red dot on the wall.

               QUARTERMASTER
        This should have the weight and 
        feel of your .45, but it's shooting  
        explosive rounds and the sight can 
        double as a cutting laser--
           (off Raven's look)
        er...solid burning beam of light 
        thingy--for about 20 seconds in a 
        pinch....

The Quartermaster pushes a button and the beam becomes 
visible, burning a hole in a nearby target.

               QUARTERMASTER
        Just keep it away from 
        eyes...unless they're bad guy eyes. 
        I guess that's ok. 

The Quartermaster picks up a futuristic PLASMA RIFLE.

               QUARTERMASTER
        I'm out of Springfields, but can I 
        interest you in the latest in 
        plasma technology?

               GALLOWAY

        No.

               QUARTERMASTER
        But they can pass through the new 
        Han Tek shields. At the rate those 
        things are spreading, our guns will 
        be useless in a week.

               GALLOWAY
        Then give us a plasma rifle that 
        doesn't blow up in your face.

               QUARTERMASTER
        Are you signed up for the ambush 
        with the elites tonight? If so, 
        plasma's mandatory. 

               GALLOWAY
        We'll be on the walls tonight.

               QUARTERMASTER
        A lot of points for signs up. 
        Enough for land.

               GALLOWAY
        We'll be on the walls tonight.

               QUARTERMASTER
        Pity. I have a new design I need 
        field tested.

               RAVEN
        I wouldn't mind one of those 
        Lightening Throwers.

               QUARTERMASTER
        UGHH! I wish I had one to give! 

The Quartermaster looks at his wares.

               QUARTERMASTER
        Let's see...I can get you a 
        monofilament axe. Those energy 
        shields only slow down high 
        velocity threats. The axes go slow 
        enough to do some damage.

               RAVEN
        I'd love to see one. I'm a bit of a 
        weapons historian myself. What all 
        do you have in your collection? 

The Quartermaster lights up.

               QUARTERMASTER
        What do you want to see?

EXT. EDGE CITY, STREETS -- DAY

Raven and Galloway exit the Armory. Raven has an AX attached 
to his back. Galloway's pissed.

               GALLOWAY
        What the hell was that?

               RAVEN
        I'm inquisitive.

               GALLOWAY
        I'm not an idiot. You just cased 
        the armory.

               RAVEN

        Did I?

               GALLOWAY
        You don't have to steal guns here. 
        They give them to you. That's what 
        people do when they're on your 
        side.

Raven stops, the crowd is forced to flow around him.

               RAVEN
        Our side? How brainwashed are you? 
        We've been kidnapped. We are in 
        enemy territory. Our primary 
        objective is to escape home.

               GALLOWAY
        We can't get...

               RAVEN
        Bullshit. There's no way in hell 
        Tullis is stuck here. That "landing 
        pad's" a time machine and it's 
        taking us home. Tonight.

               GALLOWAY
        ... ...Follow me.

EXT. EDGE CITY, REAR RAMPARTS - DAY

Galloway and Raven climb to the top of a the city walls, 
Raven's stunned by the view behind the camp. Gorgeous 
flowing valleys, bursting with green life.

               GALLOWAY
        This is Eden. This war won't last 
        forever. Whoever proves himself to 
        Tullis gets a wife.

Galloway's enticing Raven. He goes in for the kill.

               GALLOWAY
        And first pick of this land.

               RAVEN
        I used to sneak out every night 
        thinking my old man was an idiot. I 
        was living life while he just sat 
        there on his porch watching the sun 
        go down. You want to know what got 
        me through five years in that hell? 
        Imagining me in that chair, on that 
        farm with that sunset... I already 
        have land... And I'm getting back 
        to it.

               GALLOWAY
        I can't stop you, can I?

               RAVEN

        No. 

               GALLOWAY
        You'll die, you know. When I first 
        got here, I saw a whole squad take 
        a scientist hostage to try and get 
        home. Tullis sent his Elites to 
        deal with them... that's what's 
        left.

He nods to a pike 30 feet away with a decomposing head.

               RAVEN
        I can take care of myself. 

               GALLOWAY
        Not with men like this. All 
        respect, I know you've seen more 
        combat that most, but you don't 
        know what you're up against... You 
        want me to show you the men who'll 
        kill you?

               RAVEN
        Can I stop you?

               GALLOWAY
           (smiling)
        No. I outrank you.

INT. HAN TEK BASE, COMMAND CENTER - DAY

We're in a high-tech room with glass walls overlooking the 
MINE FIELD in front of the HAN BASE. 

An angry HAN COMMANDER (60), Futuristic American Special 
Forces,cave points to a HOLOGRAPHIC MAP.

               HAN COMMANDER
        We'll lose thousands.

MIYAMOTO MUSASHI, 50, the greatest Samurai duelist and 
tactician to ever live, turns to face us. He is the 
definition of calm confidence.

               MUSASHI
        And they'll lose 10,000. I'll lead 
        the counter-charge myself. 

               HAN COMMANDER
        That's too risky.

               MUSASHI
        We know it is not how I die. 

               HAN COMMANDER
        But how many more will? We can't 
        waste men, we're almost out of 
        higssium and our defenses our weak.  
        The mines won't hold them back 
        forever!

               MUSASHI
        We must strike. In battle, if you 
        you make your opponent flinch--

               HAN COMMANDER
        Don't quote yourself at me! Your 
        pride is blinding you!

The air sucks out of the room. AMA (30), a strikingly 
beautiful Japanese/Caucasian mix wearing a feminine, 
futuristic take on Samurai armor, bounds into the room.

               AMA
        Master Musashi.

The Han Commander and Musashi break their tense stair.

               MUSASHI

        ...Ama.

               AMA
           (holding in excitement)
        He's here. John Raven has arrived!

               MUSASHI
        Bring him to me.

               AMA
        He was...brought here by the Edge 
        camp.

Musashi frowns, the Han Commander scowls.  

               AMA
        Master, it rises on him.

               HAN COMMANDER

        Or falls.

They both take a breath. They've had this fight before.

               AMA
        Do we rescue him?

               MUSASHI
        No. If what you say is true, he 
        will come to us. 

EXT. MWR CENTER - DAY

Raven and Galloway approach the Morale, Welfare and 
Recreation Center, a large tent with a nearby STAGE.  

They pass a group of soldiers cheering as a cowboy attempts 
to mount a bull-sized dinosaur. He's bucked off in seconds.

               GALLOWAY
        Our army used to be nothing but 
        Mercs from Tullis' time. It was Han 
        Tek who first pulled from history. 
        You put a samurai in a bullet proof 
        vest against a modern soldier with 
        four hours of bayonet training, 
        guess who wins.

Galloway leads them into the--

INT. MWR TENT - CONTINUOUS

A large crowd cheers and jeers, gathered around MAGO (40) 
North African, toying with his opponent. Sparks fly from the 
blunt practice blades as he attacks with impossible speed.

               GALLOWAY
        These men have had blades in their 
        hands since birth, even the grunts. 
        That man leads Tullis' Elites. 

               RAVEN
        What can you tell me about them?

               GALLOWAY
        I can tell you not to mess with 
        them. Mago was a general. Maybe 
        you've heard of his older brother, 
        Hannibal?

We FLASH TO a herd of African War Elephants crashing into 
terrified Roman Legionaries. MAGO rides the lead elephant.

               GALLOWAY
        Unlike his brother he was never 
        defeated. 

We FLASH to MAGO standing before the aghast CARTHAGINIAN 
SENATE. In slow-mo, he pours out hundreds of gold rings, 
many with fingers still attached.

               GALLOWAY
        They're even saying he could kill 
        Musashi.

               RAVEN
        Miyamoto Musashi? The Samurai? He's 
        here? 

               GALLOWAY
        Yeah he's here. He's in charge of 
        the Han forces. That's my point. 
        These men are legends.

Galloway points to a table where NECALLI (30), a wiry Jaguar 
Warrior and GUILLAME (50's), a grizzled Knight Templar with 
a scarred face and TECHED OUT EYE PATCH, play ancient chess.

               GALLOWAY
        Sir Guillame, Grandmaster of the 
        Knights Templar. 

FLASH: Guillame's waste deep in the blood-red Nile, 
furiously smashing his way through 800 Egyptians.

               GALLOWAY
        Necalli's tribe was slaughtered, 
        but he killed so many Aztecs when 
        defending his home they stopped the 
        battle and invited him to be an 
        elite Jaguar Warrior. 

FLASH: Necalli moves and spins, fluidly smashing and cutting 
Aztecs with his spear and sharp obsidian war club.

               GALLOWAY
        These men are super heroes. Even if 
        you happen to overpower the guards 
        around that machine, you're not 
        getting out before these guys catch 
        up to you. So drop this stupid plan 
        or that's the face of the man who 
        kills you.

               RAVEN
        ...Well then, let's introduce 
        ourselves.

Raven starts to move, but Galloway steps in front of him. 

               GALLOWAY
        Did you hear anything I just said?

               RAVEN
        I heard everything. We're trapped 
        in a camp that probably won't 
        survive another week. We know for a 
        fact there will be an attack 
               (MORE)

               RAVEN (CONT'D)
        tonight providing the perfect cover 
        for escape and the elites who are 
        most likely to stop us will be away 
        on an ambush. Did I miss anything?

               GALLOWAY
        ...Yes. The part where I volunteer 
        us for the ambush so you'll be 
        outside the walls during the 
        battle...unless you want to find 
        out how barbarians handle corporal 
        punishment...

Behind them, Mago screams and savagely kicks his opponent in 
the chest, yelling, "WHO'S NEXT?" in Carthaginian.

EXT. JUNGLE - NIGHT

Raven, Galloway and a thousand others hide in the dense 
jungle edging the battlefield. The men nervously triple 
check their gear. The pre-battle tension is palpable.

We can see through the trees to the BATTLEFIELD. The HAN TEK 
army marches past us towards the EDGE BASE. 

MAGO and his eighteen Elites stand at the Jungle's edge in  
CHARIOTS, each pulled by four hitched MEGARAPTORS. 

Several of Mago's elites snarl, psyching themselves up for 
battle. Guillame kneels and prays. Necalli is placidly calm.

               GALLOWAY
        I'm saving your life.                        

Raven eyes his PLASMA RIFLE suspiciously.

               RAVEN
        Yes, this all seems quite safe.

               GALLOWAY
        Just stick with me. Keep your eye 
        out for Shield Packs. We bring one 
        back and we're set for life.

Mago's voice is a low growl in Raven's earpiece.

               MAGO (O.S.)

        HUDs down.

The soldiers obey. Raven hesitantly flips his HUD down.

RAVEN'S HUD POV - It's information overload. Targets and 
graphics fill the screen as a tidal wave of Romans, Greek 
Hoplites, Futuristic soldiers, etc. flood past.

               MAGO (O.S.)
        Weapons up.

The SCREECH of hundreds of plasma rifles coming to life.

               MAGO (O.S.)

        Fire!!

Plasma Rifles fire purple bolts of death into HAN SOLDIERS. 
1 in 10 guns explode, killing their owners. RAVEN doesn't 
fire. His rifle hums with undischarged energy.

               MAGO

        CHARGE!

BATTLEFIELD - CONTINUOUS

The ambush team streams out of the jungle, following the 
dozen chariots as they plow into the flank of the HAN.

RAVEN only jogs while the rest run towards combat. 

RAVEN'S POV - HIS HUD is full of targets and warning lights, 
it's incomprehensible. 

Raven pulls up his visor just in time to see a 7-foot tall 
FRANKISH AXEMAN about to split his head in two. RAVEN fires 
his PLASMA RIFLE without thinking. The AXEMAN looks down to 
see a two foot hole in his torso, then collapses. 

A second HUGE AXEMEN with a STAG'S HEAD helmet charges 
Raven. He raises his rifle to see a helpful screen display a 
blinking warning: "Plasma Rifle Cooling. Please Wait..."

               RAVEN
        You've got to be kidding me.

The Axeman leaps and swings, Raven BLOCKS, holding up his 
rifle with both hands. The weapons are locked for a beat, 
then Raven KICKS the Axeman in the groin. 

Raven lunges back and takes an All-American BASEBALL SWING 
at the doubled-over Axeman's head.  

But the Axeman CATCHES the rifle one handed, then YANKS it 
from Raven's grasp. Raven staggers back as the the Axeman 
flips the rifle and FIRES at Raven.

Instead of blowing a two foot hole in Raven, the gun WHINES, 
then EXLPODES, killing the Axeman. 

Raven gets his bearings. Nearby, MAGO and the ELITES are 
cutting into the fray with terrifying speed and rage.

               GALLOWAY (O.S.)

        Raven!

Raven turns to see Galloway running towards him while a 
dozen men try to rip a SHIELD PACK off a dead Samurai.

               GALLOWAY
        WE GOT ONE! They're pulling a 
        shield pack off n--

Galloway is suddenly ripped backwards off his feet. The 
shield pack IMPLODES, sucking the men towards it, then 
EXPLODES in blue flame. 

A time-distortion field RIPPLES OUTWARD. A dozen bodies are 
flung away and suddenly freeze in super-slow motion while 
the battle rages at normal speed around them.

Galloway's far enough from the epicenter to land unharmed. 
Raven runs to him.

               RAVEN

        You ok?

               GALLOWAY
        I think so.

               RAVEN
        Get Mago on the comm. Tell him the 
        shield packs are booby trapped.

               GALLOWAY
        Yes, sir... I mean...Private... 

Raven smirks and helps Galloway up. He looks to the city, 
the TIME PAD spouts a 200 foot distorted rainbow flame into 
the sky as new recruits are brought in. 

               RAVEN
        Last chance to go home.

               GALLOWAY

        I am home.

Raven nods, pulls out his .45 and starts running.

We follow Raven as he slips around swords, axes, explosions. 
He weaves through the battle to the--

EDGE CORP OUTER WALL - CONTINUOUS

Raven studies his options for getting over the wall: the 
crowded LADDERS are getting PUSHED away from the walls, the 
grappling ROPES are being CUT, the closest HARD LIGHT 

ZIPLINE machine takes a rocket and EXPLODES. The light beam 
disappears, and a dozen men die in a bone-crunching FALL.

Raven spots a group of SPARTANS. They avoid the rest of the 
battle, clearly on a special mission. 

FOUR SPARTANS separate themselves from the pack, dialing 
knobs on their high tech BELTS, and a faint hologram of the 
Spartans appears 40 feet above them, connected to the belt 
by faint blue light. 

ZAP. The four Spartans VANISH and REAPPEAR 40 feet in the 
air, replacing the holograms. They begin to fall, but with 
another ZAP the four Spartans are on the walls. 

It takes only a few violent seconds for them to clear room 
for their teammates on top of the battlements.

SIX more Spartans prime their JUMP BELTS, and six more 
HOLOGRAMS appear in the air. Raven notices their leader has 
a backpack with what is clearly a BOMB.

Raven aims his .45 and fires a few shots. The leader doesn't 
even notice as the bullets slow down to a standstill thanks 
to his energy SHIELD PACK, then he disappears.

The final SIX SPARTANS prime their belts.

Raven turns his pistol's LASER up to its full intensity. The 
beam BURNS through a Spartan's armor. He twists and FUMBLES 
his teleport--leaving him ten feet up and partway lodged in 
the city wall itself.

The Spartans on the WALL look down at Raven and their fallen 
comrade, one is clearly asking permission to go kill Raven, 
but the Commander with the bomb keeps him on task, pointing 
to the gout of light from the TIME PAD.

Raven flips down his HUD.

               RAVEN

        Galloway.

Galloway's face appears in Raven's HUD.

               RAVEN
        There's a team of Spartans with a 
        bomb. I think they're heading 
        towards the time machine. Tullis 
        might want to pull in his elites.

               GALLOWAY (O.S.)
        I'll call it in, but Musashi's 
        ambushed us. We need you back to 
               (MORE)

               GALLOWAY (O.S.) (CONT'D)
        your position.

               RAVEN
        I need to get over these walls.

Raven pulls up his HUD, takes in the situation. He spots the 
BELT on the dead Spartan. Raven runs and jumps up, grabbing 
the belt and pulling it off the body lodged in the wall. 

He puts on the belt, fiddles with a few knobs. A HOLOGRAM of 
Raven appears on the ground, 40 feet away. ZAP.

RAVEN appears in the middle of the FRAY. He's about to take 
a sword in the face. He fiddles with a few knobs and ZAP. 

RAVEN blinks laterally--appearing under a rearing 
TRICERATOPS. He scrambles as the front legs come down on top 
of him. ZAP.

RAVEN appears in front of a Han Tek officer who draws his 
gun. Raven makes a final panicked jump as the officer 
fires--the bullet hits the city wall and we move through the 
wall to see a startled RAVEN on the other side.

EDGE CITY, INNER WALL - CONTINUOUS

RAVEN briefly pats himself making sure all his parts are 
still there.

               VOICE (O.S.)
        They're heading for the landing 
        pad! Stop them!

Raven bolts towards the voice, turns a corner --

EDGE CITY, STREETS - CONTINUOUS

TWO DOZEN DEFENDERS fire on the Spartans, who march unfazed, 
the bullets slowed to a stop by their energy SHIELD PACKS. 

TWO DEFENDERS, wearing LIGHTNING THROWERS, run in front of 
the SPARTANS, kneel, and FIRE.

The Spartans take cover behind their nanotech upgraded 
shields. The lightning ARCS off the shields in an avalanche 
of sparks, SCATTERING in all directions and frying most of 
the DEFENDERS. The Spartans march on.

RAVEN turns down a parallel-- 

SIDE STREET - CONTINUOUS

Sprinting at top speed, racing the Spartans to the -- 

LANDING PAD - CONTINUOUS

Raven sails past the guards who have their guns drawn in the 
direction of the approaching SPARTANS. Raven skids to a stop 
at the CONTROL CONSOLE with the MACHINE TECHS.

               RAVEN
        Is the jet still in there?

The MACHINE TECHS are shaking with fear. The SPARTANS TEAR 
THROUGH the guards in the background.

               MACHINE TECH 1

        What?!

               RAVEN
        Yesterday, there was a Kamikaze jet 
        that came through with me. You said 
        you'd clear it out later.

               MACHINE TECH 1

        It's gone!

               MACHINE TECH 2
        Actually... I might have forgotten 
        to clear the buffer.

               MACHINE TECH 1

        Again?!

               RAVEN
        Get it ready.

The Techs punch a couple of buttons. The SPARTANS take 
position on the pad, each defensively surrounding their 
leader who unstraps his backpack BOMB.

               MACHINE TECH 1
        Ok, we're ready to dump...

A SOLDIER with a LIGHTING THROWER tears around the corner.

               SOLDIER

               RAVEN

        Eat this!

        NOOO!

The SPARTANS raise their shields. The gunner fires and 
electricity deflects off their shields, arcing EVERYWHERE.

RAVEN ducks down, but both of the techs are blown to the 
ground. TECH 1 is dead, TECH 2 is barely breathing. 

               RAVEN
        What do I press?!

               MACHINE TECH 2
        The red button.

Raven looks at the console. 

               RAVEN
        There's a hundred red buttons!

The Spartans are back in position. The Commander nods to his 
team, a faint purple shimmer as their SHIELD PACKS wink off.

MACHINE TECH 2 mumbles.

               RAVEN

        WHAT?

               MACHINE TECH 2
        The blinking one...

Raven looks down. THREE RED BUTTONS are flashing. He slams 
them all. 

The SPARTAN COMMANDER closes his eyes, holds up a TRIGGER. 
Suddenly, FLAMING DEBRIS warps to the pad. The SPARTAN TEAM 
is fused with the burning KAMIKAZE JET. 

MAGO and his ELITES run to the scene, take in the carnage 
and begin methodically slaying any Spartans still breathing.

RAVEN kneels down to the dying Tech.

               RAVEN
        Listen to me. I'm on a special 
        mission from Tullis. He's sending 
        me to 1950. Can you get me there?

               MACHINE TECH 2
           (gasping)
        It's... landing pad.

               RAVEN
        Tullis told me it's a time machine. 
        I know it can get me back home. 
        Talk me through it! We don't have 
        long!

               MACHINE TECH 2
        One... way... We're stuck here... 
        sorry...

The Tech breathes his last. Raven stands, stunned. His sweat 
reflects the orange flames behind him. 

Tullis approaches with GRAVES.

               TULLIS
           (to Graves)
        I want this fire out. Salvage every 
        piece of tech you can find. And 
        find a living Spartan to talk to.

Graves nods, taps on his PDA screen. Tullis studies the 
platform, turns to Raven.

               TULLIS
        This was your idea?

Raven nods. 

Tullis takes off his aviators revealing glassy, red BIONIC 
EYES. We get to see the other side of Tullis. Underneath the 
barking general is a calm, brilliant, silver-tongue.

He looks for a reaction in Raven who stays stone-faced.

               TULLIS
        ....I like this. I like this very 
        much. One soldier in a thousand can 
        think clearly in crisis, and it's 
        barely thinking, just rote, 
        mechanical training. One in a 
        million can ideate under 
        pressure...Do you know what I 
        think?

               RAVEN
        That you either need to kill me now 
        or recruit me.

Tullis gives a slight smile.

               TULLIS
        You're a dangerous man, I'd like 
        you on my side.

               RAVEN
        I'm done fighting.

               TULLIS
        You're just not properly motivated.

Tullis studies him.

               TULLIS
        It's the bullshit about sacrifice 
        for the greater good that wears off 
        first. Even fear turns numb after 
        long enough. But the selfishness of 
        human nature...that's the one 
               (MORE)

               TULLIS (CONT'D)
        beautiful constant on which I can 
        rely. So...what do you want? 

               RAVEN
        I want my life back.

Graves hands Tullis his PDA. Tullis scans, smiles.

               TULLIS
        I can do that. You had a fiance...

               RAVEN
        She married someone else.

               TULLIS
        You're thinking disappointingly 
        linearly.

This catches Raven.

               TULLIS
        How would you like us to bring her 
        here when the war's over? 

               RAVEN
        ...when will that be?

               TULLIS
        I have a feeling that may be up to 
        you, Marine Captain John Raven, 
        Purple Heart... Medal of Honor...  
        My Elites are raiding Han Tek at 
        dawn. Join them... Bring me back a 
        shield pack and you can call your 
        fiance tomorrow. Help me win this 
        war, you can have her for good.

Raven hesitates, tempted.

EXT. EDGE CITY, REAR RAMPART - NIGHT

Raven sits on the rear wall overlooking the lush valley 
which glows in the moonlight. With no battle pollution, the 
Milky Way slashes through the night sky as if we're looking 
up the universe's skirt.  

               NECALLI (O.S.)
        May I join you?

Raven turns, startled, nods for Necalli to sit.

               RAVEN
        Not many can sneak up on me.

Necalli sits.

               NECALLI
        Men from your time move like 
        grinding boulders when you should 
        flow like water...

               RAVEN
        I can't argue there. My father 
        creaked like a tree when he sat.

Necalli smiles.

               NECALLI
        I am called Necalli.

               RAVEN

        Raven.

               NECALLI (O.S.)
        You did well in battle. You think 
        think like a cat.

               RAVEN
        I'll take that as a compliment.

               NECALLI
        The highest.

Raven gives a slight smile.

               RAVEN
        Everyone said I should have been in 
        intelligence, but I wanted to be on 
        the front lines with the action. Be 
        a hero... Now I'd do anything for a 
        day of peace.

               NECALLI

               RAVEN

        Anything?

        Yes.

               NECALLI
        That will be tested. I came to warn 
        you, the Elites get glory, but we 
        do filthy work. We are desperate 
        men and Tullis preys on that. 

               RAVEN
        What's he got on you?

Necalli decides whether to answer, finally.

               NECALLI

        Love.

               RAVEN
        You're fighting to bring a wife 
        back?

               NECALLI
        That would be selfish.

               RAVEN
           (defensive)
        I don't think so.

               NECALLI
        In my case it would. Her spirit's 
        in paradise. 

               RAVEN
        Then why fight?

               NECALLI
        Some day, far from now, she will 
        live, and we will love with the 
        greatest love. Tullis has promised 
        me that however time changes, she 
        will always live, and we will 
        always love. 

               RAVEN
        ...How bad is it? The things we'll 
        have to do?

               NECALLI
        The barbarians don't mind, but I've 
        seen more than one man from your 
        time broken by it.

               RAVEN
        How do you stay sane?

               NECALLI
        As a younger man, I thought I was a 
        boulder that could break empires 
        and turn tides...and then I met the 
        Aztecs...I realized I was just a 
        pebble. Now I move where the 
        current takes me. What else can we 
        do? 

               RAVEN
        ...I could say no.

               NECALI

        Can you?

Smiles.

               RAVEN
        No...I'm getting my phone call. 
        I've got to convince a girl not to 
        break up with me.

INT. EDGE BASE ARMORY, LAB - DAY

High tech life support systems whir and click. Glowing IV 
lines run from a tank of bright liquid, into the arms and 
chest of the charred SPARTAN CAPTAIN. His lower half is 
still fused with a portion of jet fighter debris.

The QUARTERMASTER and other SCIENTISTS, examine the SHIELD 
PACK still attached to the Spartan's burnt chest.

Tullis and Mago enter, address the DOCTOR.

               TULLIS
        How long can we keep him alive?

               DOCTOR
        He's tough, but he could go any 
        time.

Graves enters, pushing a cart loaded with future tech.  
Tullis turns on the machine, pulls out a 12-inch silver 
needle attached to a thin power cable. 

Graves looks at the Spartan who's eyes go wide. Looks away.

EXT. EDGE CITY, INNER GATE - DAWN

ECU: A distorted face--as if patched together from a dozen 
memories, fills the screen.

               TULLIS
        This is Ama. One of the Han's top 
        scientists. 

We see the whole scene now. Tullis addresses his 18 Elites. 
The holographic 3D image of Ama's face floats between them.

Tullis is flanked by Graves and the Quartermaster who wears 
a SANTA HAT and carries a large SACK.

The holographic face changes to a map of the HAN BASE.

               TULLIS
        She's known to work primarily in 
               (MORE)

               TULLIS (CONT'D)
        their armory lab, which is where 
        you'll extract her... 

As Tullis speaks, we get a closer look at the Elites. 18 of 
history's most bad ass warriors. Besides Mago, Necalli, 
Guillame and Raven, we can't help but notice:

TARAN (26), an feral-looking Pict who wears almost no 
clothing, showing off his body covered in CELTIC TATTOOS.

VLAD (30's). Russian SPETSNAZ from the 1980's. Tactical gear 
and enough grenades to level a building hang from his vest.

LYCOS (40), a giant Varangian--Byzantine Viking 
mercenary--who wears a snarling WOLF'S HEAD. The same wolf 
which gave him the triple scars down his face.

               TULLIS
        I cannot be more clear about this. 
        Bring her back unharmed. In her 
        head is the key to duplicating the 
        shield packs. Our survival depends 
        on cracking those shields and  
        right now we can't even get them 
        off a damn dying man without an 
        explosion.

An annoyed look to the Quartermaster who gives a weak smile.

               TULLIS
        I want a clean extraction. This is 
        stealth, not a battle. 

A few elites seem disappointed.

               TULLIS
        If you bring her back unusable, I 
        will will let the scavengers peck 
        out your eyes and organs while you 
        beg for death. Quartermaster?

The Quartermaster's mouth hangs open.

               QUARTERMASTER
        Uh...right.... So...Merry 
        Christmas!
           (off the stone-faced 
           looks)
        Yeah, I guess not all of you 
        celebrate... I have things for you! 

He walks through the hologram to the elites, pulling a JUMP 
BELT out of his bag. 

               QUARTERMASTER
        I salvaged most of the jump belts 
        from last night. 
           (pointing at the control)
        Genius design. Super simple 
        interface. Forward, back, up, down, 
        left, right. Jump. Should be a snap 
        to use.

He hands one to Guillame who eyes it like it's a dead cat. 
Gives one to LYCOS who snaps it around his shoulder and 
torso like Chewbacca's belt.

               QUARTERMASTER
        Actually they go on your waist...
           (off Lycos' growl)
        You know what. That's probably 
        fine...And Raven, I have a present 
        for you!

He pulls a SPRINGFIELD RIFLE out of his sack. 

               QUARTERMASTER
        My latest design. Should be quiet 
        and deadly.

               RAVEN

        Should be?

               QUARTERMASTER
        ...It could use some field tests.

Raven eyes it suspiciously.

               QUARTERMASTER
        How'd that plasma rifle work out 
        for you?

               RAVEN
        Surprisingly effective.
           (whispers)
        Is it really Christmas?

               QUARTERMASTER
           (whispers)
        It is. I've been here so long it's 
        like, you gotta do something 
        otherwise you go crazy, you know?

               RAVEN
        ...I do. Merry Christmas.

The Quartermaster hands him his jump belt, smiling.

               QUARTERMASTER
        Merry Christmas.

EXT. JUNGLE - DAY

It's a PREHISTORIC JUNGLE. Part rain forest, all terrifying 
death trap. Holograms of RAVEN and NECALLI appear in front 
of us, walking and fiddling with their belts. FLASH.

The two appear in the flesh, keep walking. Raven dodges as a 
hologram of GUILLAM appears out of his chest. The hologram 
shifts, hovering 4 feet in the air. Guillame appears, lands. 

               GUILLAME
        I hate these toys. Give me my 
        hammer and I'll take down any man.

Mago overhears.

               MAGO

        Any man?

Guillame looks at him. Decides not to push it. Mago smiles, 
walks on. Necalli, Guillame and Raven walk in silence.

               TULLIS
        ... ...Is Mago that good?

               GUILLAME
        Mago is our leader. He commands our 
        allegiance.

               TULLIS
        Allegiance? What's Tullis got on 
        you?

Guillame fumes for a minute, cools.

               GUILLAME
        My eyes. I had lost one to battle, 
        the other to age. I helpless like 
        the travelers I swore to 
        protect...useless... I didn't 
        understand why the Lord would take 
        away my purpose... 

 He taps his futuristic EYE PATCH.

               GUILLAME
        Tullis gave me sight, a mission... 
        I thought it was a sign.

               RAVEN

        And now?

               GUILLAME
        ...I have sworn an oath to serve 
        here... Mago is our leader.

               NECALLI
        And yes, Mago is that good.

They've come to a--

CHASM - CONTINUOUS

It's 150 feet across, overlooking roaring WHITEWATER RAPIDS. 
The rapids spill over a two hundred foot waterfall.

               RAVEN
        The Han gets their army over this?

               NECALLI
        Of course not. They simply march 
        through the wide open valley. 

               VLAD

        BOOM!

Vlad punctuates this with a hand motion in Raven's face.

               VLAD
        Mines turn American pig into bacon!

Vlad pulls a metal sphere off his vest--a HARD LIGHT ORB-- 
and sets it on the edge of the cliff, spikes slide out and 
brace it in the ground. 

Vlad taps the orb twice and it splits. Half the orb rockets 
across the chasm, a yellow HARD LIGHT BEAM connecting the 
two halves--a hi-tech grappling line.

               VLAD
        Hurry, these little ones have small 
        batteries... you can take your 
        time, American.

               RAVEN
           (to himself)
        Since when do Russians hate 
        Americans? 

CROSSING THE HARD LIGHT BEAM - MOMENTS LATER

Raven crawls along the beam, upside down. He's halfway 
across. Guillame follows behind, holding on for dear life, 
as he sweats and pants struggling with heavy gear. A foot 
lands next to his hand. Necalli is WALKING past them! 

               GUILLAME
        I hate it when he shows off                           .

Raven has to smile as he keeps climbing.

EXT. JUNGLE EDGE - DAY

POV - MAGO'S HUD

We see red and orange THERMAL IMAGES of a THREE GUARDS.

Mago flips up his HUD. We're at the edge of the Jungle, 
overlooking the HAN TEK BASE.

               MAGO
        Three guards on the inside wall. 
        One of us will teleport in, 
        eliminate the guards and spot for 
        the rest of us. 

               RAVEN 
        They'd be jumping blind. They could 
        fuse with a building or a guard.

               MAGO
        So we'll the most expendable 
        member.

EXT. HAN BASE, INNER WALLS - DAY

A HOLOGRAM of Raven appears behind the THREE GUARDS. The 
Hologram closes his eyes, takes a breath. 

FLASH. Raven materializes, smashes guard one with his rifle. 
The second and third draw weapons, Raven fires his SONIC 
RIFLE, it's lets out a low, muffled WOOMPH and a SONIC WAVE 
expands from the gun, blowing the guards back 10 feet. 

Raven presses his COMM.

               RAVEN

        Clear.

17 Holograms appear. Guillame's half in the ground.

               RAVEN
        Guillame, up four feet.

The hologram raises.

               RAVEN
        You're good.

The Elites materialize. Raven grabs a RADIO off Guard 1. 
They take off through the--

STREETS - CONTINUOUS

Inside the Han base is a mesh of Fuedal and 22nd century 
Japan. Pagoda-like structures roofed with glass and solar 
panels. It's ordered, peaceful and bordering on beautiful.

On the opposite side of the base, a HUGE ORANGE VORTEX tells 
us the Han Tek TIME MACHINE is in use.

The group slows by the--

HAN HOSPITAL - CONTINUOUS

MEDICS roll sleek CRYO-PODS into the high tech hospital.  

               RAVEN
        What is this?

               GUILLAME

               RAVEN

        Valkyries.

        What?

               NECALLI
        The Han collect their soldiers from 
        those dying on battlefields. They 
        give them new life. Keeps them 
        loyal.

A PATROL approaches, the Elites slip into a --

RAPTOR PEN - CONTINUOUS

HUNDREDS of caged VELOCIRAPTORS bark and click at us. 
ATTENDANTS shovel bloody scraps and offal into the cages and 
the things go wild.

The PATROL passes and the team slips back into the --

STREET - CONTINUOUS

The elites silently move up the street, using hand 
signals--a well-oiled special forces team. 

They slow, peer around a corner to see--

THE ARMORY

The large building is unguarded. Mago signals them to move 
out, but Raven taps his shoulder. 

               RAVEN
        Wait. Something's wrong. 

Mago doesn't like being ordered. His eyes shoot daggers. 
Raven points at the guard positions they can see.

               RAVEN
        That's a barracks. Over there, 
        maybe a dining facility. Both 
        heavily guarded. Their armory? 
        Clear approach. That's wrong.

Mago nods. He doesn't like it, either.

               RAVEN
        On top of that, the radio's been 
        dead quiet. The patrols should be 
        checking in, someone would have 
        noticed the men we killed are 
        missing...

               MAGO
        They know we're coming. 

               RAVEN
        We need a diversion to pull them 
        away from the armory, something 
        they have to respond to... their 
        time portal?

               MAGO

        Too far.

A beat. Raven hates himself.

Mago nods.

               RAVEN
        Their hospital. All their new 
        recruits have to pass through. It's 
        as bad as losing the portal.

               MAGO
        It seems you belong in our number 
        after all.

               GUILLAME
        Those are un-armed, wounded men. 

He looks to Raven who looks away.

               GUILLAME
        Barca. This is wrong.

               MAGO
        This is war.

Guillame grits his teeth, clenches his hammer harder.

               MAGO

        Do it.

Guillame forces himself to calm.

EXT. HAN TEK BASE, SIDE STREET - DAY

TARAN LANDS on a rooftop, soft as a cat, not breaking 
stride. Vlad lands behind him. 

We follow them over the rooftops, they don't break stride as 
they jump, climb and leap over the buildings.

INT. HAN TEK BASE, HOSPITAL - DAY

NURSES attend to the wounded in open medical pods spread 
throughout the hospital's large circular MAIN ROOM.

A NURSE feeds a man in traction. He's looking up, grunting.

               NURSE
        I know it's gross, but you've got 
        to eat this. 

The man keeps grunting, willing her to look up. She does.

60 feet up, at the top of the glass domed room, she sees the 
insane eyes of TARAN staring back at her. She screams.

But it's too late. VLAD SHOOTS through the glass with his 
SHOTGUN and chucks down multiple INCENDIARY GRENADES. Within 
seconds, the hospital's an inferno.

The elite team FAST ROPES down into the hell they've 
created. They land...kids in a candy store.

INT. HAN BASE, ROOFTOP - DAY

Musashi and the angry Han Commander watch the hospital go up 
in flames from a rooftop.

               MUSASHI
        It's a feint.

               HAN COMMANDER
        We can't afford to lose those men. 

               MUSASHI
        ...Fine. Send one battalion. No 
        more.

EXT. HAN BASE, STREETS - DAY

POV - MAGO'S HUD, THERMAL IMAGING

Hundreds of glowing bodies flood past. We're seeing through 
the walls of a building.

Mago flips up his HUD, makes a SIGNAL for his team to ready.

EXT. HAN BASE, HOSPITAL - DAY

Hundreds of Han Tek guards surround the Hospital. A CAPTAIN 
gets a status report from a limping, charred LIEUTENANT 
who's exiting. 

               HAN CAPTAIN

               HAN LIEUTENANT

        How many?

        Two.

               HAN CAPTAIN
        Two men? You had twenty guards in 
        there, you can't take two men?

               HAN LIEUTENANT
        They're...they're ghosts. 

INT. HAN TEK BASE, HOSPITAL - DAY

Inside the hospital is chaos. Flames, smoke and screams. Six 
armed guards escort two medics carrying a pallet. The guards 
scan the room. Nothing. Suddenly, TARAN'S maniacal grin 
greets us from the flames. 

The pallet with the wounded man is dropped to the ground. We 
stay with him. He watches in horror as the bodies of the 
guards and medics fall around him one by one. 

INT. HAN ARMORY, MAIN ROOM - DAY

Raven fires his rifle. A focused sonic wave WHOOMPHS towards 
us and a HAN GUARD flies back. He lands on a pile of guards. 

Raven speaks in to his COMM.

               RAVEN

        Clear.

The other Elites pour in. Raven surveys the ARMORY. The 
shelves have been mostly cleared and backed against the 
wall. There's a single open door to the LAB on the side wall 
of the large space.

               RAVEN
        Well that's a trap if I ever saw 
               (MORE)

               RAVEN (CONT'D)

        one.

Mago nods for him to check it out.

               RAVEN
        Right...Most expendable member...

Raven pulls his .45. We follow him across the room, tension 
building with every step closer to the--

LAB - CONTINUOUS

Raven SPINS around the corner see the AMA at a work table, 
her back to him. 

               RAVEN
        Stop what you're doing. Turn around 
        with your hands up.

She keeps working.

               RAVEN
        Turn around!

               AMA
        You won't shoot me. You need me 
        alive. 

Raven exhales. He takes a step towards her. A large medal 
door WHOOSES down, locking them in.

Ama turns, smilingly placidly.

               RAVEN

        Hands up!

               AMA
        Hello Marine Captain John Raven. 
        I've been waiting for you.

We hear shots and shouting outside the door.

INT. HAN ARMORY, MAIN ROOM - CONTINUOUS

Han soldiers FLOOD into the Armory from multiple doors. 

INT. HAN ARMORY, LAB - CONTINUOUS

               AMA
        I thought you'd be taller.

               RAVEN
        What is this?

               AMA
        Your future.

Raven grabs her, roughly.

               RAVEN
        Open this door!

               AMA
        I wouldn't go out there. Your 
        friends are outmanned 20 to 1. 
        They're probably already dead. 

               RAVEN
        You don't know my friends.

INT. HAN ARMORY, MAIN ROOM - CONTINUOUS

It's on. 15 vs 300. If there's any heavy metal played in 
this movie, it's played here. 

NECALLI moves like water, so casually it seems like every 
enemy blade will make contact, but they all miss by 
millimeters. His OBSIDIAN WAR CLUB buzzes and sparks with 
power as it strikes precision slashes and blows.

GUILLAME'S surrounded. Clubs and axes SMASH the RED TEMPLAR 
CROSS on his shield. He swings his now glowing WARHAMMER. On 
impact, a violent ring of BLUE SHOCKWAVES erupts and four 
men fly back from the single blow. He fights with purpose.  
A paladin with a cause.

MAGO roars, slashing through men, his CHAINSWORD growling. 
We can feel the bloodlust of a predator released on prey. A 
soldier aims a machine gun and Mago holds out his forearm, 
covered in a tech. A full body RETRACTABLE SHIELD instantly 
expands. Bullets ping back to his attackers.

INT. HAN BASE, LAB - CONTINUOUS

Raven's pushing AMA to the door.

               RAVEN

        Open it!

               AMA
        Listen to me, you're on the--

               RAVEN
        Open it or I'll jump us through.

               AMA
        You're on the wrong side!

               RAVEN
        I don't care!

Raven BEAR HUGS her.

INT. HAN ARMORY, MAIN ROOM - DAY

Raven and Ama materialize on the other side of the door. 
Raven surveys the fight, processes.

               RAVEN
        Mago! Up! We need to go up.

               AMA
           (to Raven)

        No...

Mago KICKS back a soldier, talks to his comm.

               MAGO
        On the roof! Now!

EXT. ARMORY ROOF - DAY

The Elites and AMA materialize on the roof. THEY'RE 
SURROUNDED. DOZENS of HAN ELITES train rifles on them. 
Musashi and the angry Han Commander step forward.

               MUSASHI
        You have one chance to surrender. 
        Take it or die. 

               MAGO
        Miyamoto Musashi. I've looked 
        forward to the day we masters would 
        cross blades.

Mago grips his sword.

               MUSASHI
        Stand aside, Ama.

                AMA
        Master, wait! This is John Raven.

               HAN COMMANDER
        Then we should kill him now!

               AMA
        You'll have to kill me as well.

               MUSASHI
        ...I'm sorry.

               AMA
        You'll see that I'm right.  

She holds up a remote, presses a button. The JUMP BELTS on 
each HAN GUARD suddenly EXPLODE in smoke.  

               AMA

        Go!

The Elites don't waste time. They're to the next building in 
a flash. Bullets ping off their armor as some Han troops 
fire blindly. An Elite goes down, but the rest teleport to 
another rooftop and disappear behind cover. 

               MAGO
           (into his comm)
        Vlad, Taran. We're leaving.

INT. HAN TEK BASE, HOSPITAL - DAY

Techs spray canisters of foam onto the flames. Dozens of 
guards poor into the charred wreckage of the hospital.

               HAN CAPTAIN
        Where are they?

               HAN GUARD
        They must have burned.

EXT. HAN TEK BASE, HOSPITAL - CONTINUOUS

Dozens of groaning men on stretchers are scattered in the 
street. A beautiful NURSE grimaces as she puts a sheet over 
the face of a now dead man. She sees a flutter in another 
sheet, examines the man in the stretcher.

               NURSE
        You're alive! Hang on, I'll get a 
        doctor!

She stops, confused. Blood trickles out of her mouth. She 
looks down. The patient has stabbed her. It's TARAN.

He slips out of the stretcher, Vlad rises as well, and they 
casually walk away from the chaos.

EXT. HAN BASE, ROOFTOP - DAY

The Elites APPEAR on another rooftop, VLAD and TARAN appear 
a beat later. 

Raven looks down as they pass the burning hospital. Time 
slows for him as he takes in the carnage. Burnt bodies, 
slashed corpses. Death. On his head.

               AMA
        What did you do?

Raven looks away, ashamed. 

The blink away again, over the HAN WALLS.

EXT. JUNGLE, STREAM - DAY

Ama walks in front of Raven, bound and gagged. The group 
stops at a stream and kneels to drink.

Raven un-gags Ama and she whispers while as she kneels. 

               AMA
           (whispering)
        They're lying to you. I'm from a 
        future after Tullis. They'll 
        destroy everything unless we stop 
        them.

Mago hears Ama. 

               MAGO
        Shut her up.

There's a clatter in the nearby trees. The team draws 
weapons in unison. We see the hint of a T-REX stalking by. 
Raven notices a flash of fear of Mago's face.

               AMA
           (whispering)
        This is our chance! Come with me!

Raven starts to retie the gag.

               AMA
        They'll kill me...I saved your 
        life.

Necalli and Guillame hear this. Guillame's brow furrows.

EXT. EDGE CITY, OUTER GATE - DAY

Watchmen on the ramparts CHEER as the Elite's file back into 
the city. GALLOWAY jealously eyes Raven who's guiding Ama.

EXT. EDGE CITY, INNER GATE - MOMENTS LATER

Mago addresses his Elites.

               RAVEN
        Dismissed... Raven, come with me.

INT. ARMORY HALLWAY - DAY

Mago strides through the hallway to the Armory lab. Raven 
follows, pushing Ama. She's grunting "no." Eyes terrified.

Raven's conflicted, but he steels himself and enters the --

ARMORY - CONTINUOUS

The dying Spartan is suspended vertically like the Vitruvian 
Man held up by beeping life support. A charred hunk of 
airplane debris is fused through his midsection. He twitches 
and groans. 

Half a dozen SCIENTISTS surround him, nervously arranging hi 
tech tools and scanners on a WORKTABLE.

Two large and ugly future mercs--THUG and SCAR--stand guard, 
machine guns in hand.

Tullis and Graves wait by the TORTURE MACHINE with the long 
silver needle we saw earlier.

A CHAIR with straps and a mounted, articulated CLAW ARM sits 
at the far end of the room. 

Mago approaches Tullis.

               MAGO
        You were right. He proved...useful.

Tullis eyes Raven and Ama. 

               TULLIS
        It seems you've earned a phone 
        call, Raven. Strap her in.

Ama struggles as Raven forces her into the chair and straps.

               MAGO
        They were waiting for us. We have a 
        leak.

Tullis' jaw tenses.

               TULLIS
           (to Graves)
        Get me a list. Who knew about this 
        mission?

               GRAVES
        I'll set her up and then...

               TULLIS

        Now.

               GRAVES
        I really think I should be here 
        for--

Tullis whips his head around to Graves.

               GRAVES
        ...Yes, sir.

Tullis dismisses Graves with a nod and continues fiddling 
with his torture machine.

Raven motions for Ama to be silent, pulls off her gag.

               RAVEN
        Why were you waiting for me?

               AMA
        Because you save us.

Raven looks at her, hesitates, tightens the last strap.

               RAVEN
        ...You've got the wrong guy.

Raven quickly walks out into the--

HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS

He slows, breathing heavy. Ama screams from the room.

               AMA

        JOHN!

Mago closes the door.

INT. ARMORY LAB - CONTINUOUS

Mago walks to Ama, stands over her menacingly, smiles, moves 
behind her. Tullis inspects the equipment, methodically.

               TULLIS
        You don't have these, do you?

Ama shakes her head.

               TULLIS
        It's good to know we're ahead with 
        some of our technology.

               AMA
        You'll destroy the world.

               TULLIS
        So I've heard. We all have our 
               (MORE)

               TULLIS (CONT'D)
        propaganda... I'd like to see the 
        truth.

He nods towards Mago, who grabs her head with both hands, 
holding her motionless. 

With a burst of speed, Tullis grabs Ama and inserts a CLAMP 
over her right eye, forcing it open.

Tullis clips the NEEDLE to a CLAW ARM mounted to the chair.

               TULLIS
        You'll want to hold still for this.

He presses a button on the chair, the CLAW ARM whirs to 
life, aligns the needle with the clamp and slowly moves to 
AMA'S EYE. She struggles, but she's helpless as it inches 
closer. Finally, it's a millimeter away. She SCREAMS. 

INT. MWR TENT - DAY

Raven, Guillame and Necalli sit at a small table, staring at 
their beers. Guillame breaks the silence.

               GUILLAME
        When I was a boy, our town was 
        buzzing about the new Crusade. We 
        were going to take back the Holy 
        Land. We spent months on ships, 
        dreaming of the glorious judgement 
        we'd bring. And when we landed, we 
        unleashed Hell. We killed the 
        women, the children. The city fell 
        in hours... But we weren't in the 
        Holy Land. We had razed 
        Constantinople. Our allies. Greedy 
        merchants used us to settle a 
        score... I won't be on the wrong 
        side again.

               RAVEN
        There's never a right side in war.

               GUILLAME
           (            angry)
        But there's still right and 
        wrong!...               Greater love has no man 
        than this, that a man lay down his 
        life for his friends.

               RAVEN
        She's not our friend.

               NECALLI
        But she saved us. And we're letting 
        her die. 

INT. ARMORY LAB - CONTINUOUS

Ama quivers. The needle protrudes from her right eye, the 
cable connects it to the torture cart. A HOLO DISPLAY hovers 
over the cart, flashing a thousand different images.

               TULLIS
        How do we remove the shield packs 
        without triggering a self destruct?

               AMA

        You can't.

               TULLIS
        The beauty of this machine is that 
        it doesn't matter what your mouth 
        tells me. Your mind will betray 
        you... Don't think of pink 
        elephants, Ama...

A pink elephant briefly appears in the morphing holograms. 
Tullis smiles.

               TULLIS (CONT'D)
        And whatever you do, don't think of 
        the schematics to the shield pack.

Ama's other eye loses focus in intense concentration. She's 
fighting it.

The flow of holograms show sunsets, faces, tech... A flash 
of SCHEMATICS.

               AMA

        No.

Tullis smiles, fiddles with the touch screen controls. The 
schematics coalesce, the image frozen.

               TULLIS
        Good girl. Now let's see the 
        override.

Ama grits her teeth.

               AMA
        You. WON'T. GET. ANYTHING.

In contrast to her protests a red overlay appears over the 
schematic, mapping out a sequence of circuits, and a code.

Tullis stares into her left eye. He points towards the 
hologram. Ama meets his gaze, hate etched in her eye.

               TULLIS
        Is this the override for the self 
        destruct?

               AMA
           (hating herself)
        YES...

The SCIENTIST scribbles furiously. Tullis reads her face.

               TULLIS
        Stop writing. She's still lying. 

He rips the needle out from Ama's eye. She screams.

               TULLIS
        You have surprising control of your 
        mind, but you do yourself no 
        favors... I have no stomach for the 
        old ways, but he does. 

Tullis exits. Mago picks up wicked looking STUNNER. Leans in 
close to her ear.

               MAGO
        I was hoping you'd keep lying.

INT. EDGE CORP BASE, COMMS. TENT - DAY

Raven enters the Comms tent. A sparse room with a large 
table surrounded by a dozen soldiers. Short dividers create 
"private" cubbies which show holograms of busty women and 
instructions on how to begin a "holo-chat".

Raven finds the empty seat. In addition to the holoscreen, a  
1940's rotary phone sits in his cubby. Galloway peers around 
the divider.

               GALLOWAY

        Private.

               RAVEN
        What are you doing here?

               GALLOWAY
        Special commendation for calling in 
        the shield packs. Tullis said it 
        showed real initiative.

               RAVEN

        I'm sure.

Galloway's smile drops.

               GALLOWAY
        You think I don't deserve to be 
        here.

               RAVEN
        I don't think any of us deserve to 
        be here.

               GALLOWAY
        I have more right than you. You ran 
        from the last battle like a coward. 
        I'd give my life for this cause. 
        You don't even think it even 
        matters.

               RAVEN
        You're right... I shouldn't be 
        here.

Raven moves to get up, but suddenly a holographic face 
appears in each each cubby. It's the CEO.

               CEO
        Gentlemen! I can't thank you enough 
        for your brave service. In return, 
        we want to give you an opportunity 
        even kings never dreamed of. Take 
        your pick of the most lovely ladies 
        not of your time, but of all time. 
        Enjoy. You've earned it.

The hologram returns to a dozen "screens" of different 
girls. A SEARGENT speaks like he's administering a test.

               SERGEANT
        Make your selection by touching the 
        woman you want to speak with.
        For those talking with their own 
        time, no specifics. If you say 
        something that could alter the 
        timeline, you will be terminated. 
        You may begin.

The soldiers press at the air. Raven looks around, not sure 
what to do. The phone rings. Raven stares at it for a beat. 
Answers.

               RAVEN

        Hello?

               MAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
        John Raven?

               RAVEN

        Yes.

               MAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
        Connecting.

While Raven waits, we overhear Galloway.

               GALLOWAY
        Gosh, you're beautiful. Hold on, I 
        want to record this so I can show 
        my friends.

Raven doesn't notice Galloway take off his helmet. Galloway 
presses his HELMET CAMERA and the RED RECORD light blinks.

We hear a tinny ring through Raven's receiver. 

               WOMAN'S VOICE (O.S.)

               JOHN

        Hello?

        Giselle?

               GISELLE (O.S.)
        John? Quiet, everybody, it's John!
        Where are you? They said you 
        couldn't call us for months.

               RAVEN
        Baby, can you do me favor? Tell me 
        something only you would know. 

               GISELLE
        Okaaaay....

               RAVEN
        What was the last thing you said to 
        me before I shipped.

               GISELLE
        Well, I remember the last thing we 
        DID before you shipped. I had to 
        wear a scarf for a week.

               RAVEN

        Please.

               GISELLE
        ...I told you I'd wait for you. For 
        as long as it takes, I'll wait for 
               (MORE)

               GISELLE (CONT'D)
        you John Raven. 

Raven presses his fingers to his eyes. Holding back tears.

               RAVEN

        It's you.

               GISELLE
        Who else would it be?

INT. GISELLE'S APARTMENT, LIVING ROOM - DAY

GISELLE, 24, a stunning brunette who had obviously planned 
to spend the evening in, curls up with the phone while 
roommates frantically get ready for dates in the background.

She hushes them as they cat-call John. We INTERCUT between 
the two rooms.

               GISELLE
        You still there? Is everything ok? 

               RAVEN
        Yeah. It's just... good to hear 
        your voice. 

               GISELLE
        You only shipped out a month ago!

               RAVEN
        ...felt like a lot longer for me.

               GISELLE
        How'd you earn a phone call 
        already? You must have done 
        something incredibly brave.

We FLASH to Ama CONVULSING and THRASHING as Mago holds the 
STUNNER against her neck. ZAP!

BACK TO SCENE. Raven closes his eyes.

               RAVEN
        I don't have much time. I need to 
        ask you something.

He looks to the SERGEANT, speaks softer.

               RAVEN
        If I couldn't ever come home, but 
        you could come to me, would you?

               GISELLE

        Of course.

               RAVEN
        Just wait... What if it meant you'd 
        never see your parents again. Or 
        your friends? It would just be me 
        and you.

               GISELLE
        Are we stranded on an island?

               RAVEN
        Something like that.

               GISELLE
        Then I'd choose you. Do I only get 
        one book and record?

               RAVEN
        I'm serious.

               GISELLE
        So am I. Haven't you figured out 
        how I feel yet?

               RAVEN
        I thought I knew.

Giselle leaves the living room, stretches the phone cord as 
she enters her--

BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS

She closes the door.

               GISELLE
        Maybe this'll help. I wrote 
        something for you. It's not very 
        good. Not like your writing... 

               RAVEN
        I'd like to hear it.

Giselle breathes. Closes her eyes. 

               GISELLE
        My love is kind. He is a whisper of 
        wind, who awakens the morning. My 
        love is brave. A thunder in the 
        night. Fiercely defending. My love 
        is selfless, a cloud, emptying 
        itself so that I can grow free. He 
        always protects, always hopes, 
        always perseveres. My love will 
        never fail, for him.

Raven's silent, holding back tears.

               GISELLE
        ...Did you like it?

               RAVEN
        You never sent that to me.

               GISELLE
        Of course. I just wrote it.

               RAVEN
        ... I wish I were those things. But 
        I'm not ...I've done something. 
        Something bad.

               GISELLE
           (getting worried)
        Well then make it right so you can 
        come home.

               RAVEN
        I'm not coming home.

               GISELLE
        What are you saying?

               RAVEN

        It's over.

               GISELLE
        John Raven, if this one of your 
        jokes...

               RAVEN
        We weren't meant to be. We both 
        need to find someone else. 

               GISELLE
        How can I be happy with someone 
        else now that I've found you?

               RAVEN
        I know for a fact that you will--

               GISELLE
        --Don't do this--

               RAVEN
        --He'll be nice. You'll have 
        beautiful kids.--

               GISELLE
        --I'm begging you. I'm gonna be 
               (MORE)

               GISELLE (CONT'D)

        sick.--

               RAVEN
        --You'll have the life I couldn't 
        give you.

               GISELLE
           (whimpering)

        No.

               JOHN

        Goodbye.

Raven hangs up the phone, puts his shaking hand over his 
mouth. The holo-screens around him die. The men protest.

GRAVES stands in the doorway.

               GRAVES
        My apologies. It seems we've lost 
        the link. Go get some chow, I'll 
        contact you when it's back up.

The men grumble as they file out of the room.

               GRAVES
        Raven, you can stay.

               RAVEN
        ... I didn't change history. We 
        don't end up together.

Graves stands to his full 5'2". Looks Raven up and down. 

               GRAVES
        Despite how it may appear, Tullis 
        didn't hire me for my great 
        physical prowess...I know what 
        you're about to do... Mago's with 
        her. It's suicide. 

               RAVEN
        You care if I die?

               GRAVES
        I care if she talks. We can't save 
        her, but you can stop her pain. 

He holds up a syringe.

               GRAVES
        Tell Mago it's a truth serum. When 
        she dies, say it's an allergic 
        reaction, run for a doctor and keep 
               (MORE)

               GRAVES (CONT'D)
        running. I'll arrange to have the 
        west gate open for you. Go to the 
        Han base, Musashi's agreed to...

               RAVEN
        Why do they care about me?

               GRAVES
        I don't know. I was just told to 
        watch for your arrival.

               RAVEN
        Then tell me what you know. 

               GRAVES
        We don't have time for this.

               RAVEN
        You expect me to walk blind into an 
        enemy base?

               GRAVES
        Han Tek's not the enemy. We are. 
        You're from 1950. WWII should have 
        stopped in '45 when Einstein's 
        atomic bombs burned cities with the 
        power of the sun... But it was more 
        profitable for our weapons 
        manufacturing division to extend 
        the war. We've made no inventions, 
        cured no diseases. We just steal 
        the patents from history. You've 
        been a pawn protecting corporate 
        profits... and if they're not 
        stopped, Edge Corp will play God 
        one too many times. The results 
        are...biblical.

               RAVEN
        Does Tullis know?

               GRAVES
        If he does,  he doesn't care. He's 
        fighting for his existence. 

               RAVEN
        He's not in the original timeline?

               GRAVES

               RAVEN

        No.

        Am I?

               GRAVES
        I don't know. I've told you all I 
        can. I'm trusting you, you have to 
        trust me. 

He holds out the syringe. Raven hesitates.

               GRAVES
        It's your fault she's here. Make it 
        right.

Raven takes the syringe. As he exits, we stay on Galloway's 
HELMET CAMERA, the RED RECORD light blinking.

INT. ARMORY LAB - DAY

Mago rips Ama from the chair. One of the Scientists winces. 
Mago picks her up by the neck with one hand and hurls her 
against the wall. He roars. She slumps against the ground.

               MAGO

        TELL ME!

INT. MRW TENT, BAR - DAY

Necalli makes a move on the chess board.

               NECALLI

        Check.

Guillame swipes the board aside with a frustrated roar.

               GUILLAME
        I won't do this. We have been lied 
        to! We have let ourselves do evil 
        for greedy men. You've known it for 
        as long as I have.

               NECALLI
        We're only pebbles in a stream.

               GUILLAME
        Pebbles can bring down giants.

Guillame stands to his full height. 

               GUILLAME
        Let's go out fighting for something 
        we believe in.

Necalli nods. Rises.

INT. ARMORY - DAY

Raven enters the armory. The Quartermaster is fidgeting with 

immaculate shelves.

               RAVEN
        Where are they??

The Quartemaster doesn't take his eyes off his fidgeting as  
he nods to the rear of the large armory. Raven purposefully 
walks to the back of the room.

               RAVEN
        Is she talking?

               QUARTERMASTER
        I don't know. They called for me, 
        but I've got so much to do here. 
        There's, uh, sorting and uh...

He holds up a half-charred JUMP BELT.

               QUARTERMASTER
        I think I've got one more jump belt 
        working...So...I'll probably test 
        that...lot's to do... what's in 
        your hand?

Raven carries the needle like a knife.

               RAVEN
        Truth serum.

               QUARTERMASTER
        That's good. She needs that. That's 
        good.

INT. ARMORY LAB - CONTINUOUS

Mago kicks Ama while she's on the ground. Then ZAPS her 
again with the stun gun for good measure.

               AMA
        Please...I'll send you anywhere. 
        You can go home.

               MAGO

        HOME!? 

He kicks her.

               MAGO
        Carthage burned!

He ZAPS her with the Stunner. She writhes.

               MAGO
        They sowed our fields with salt!

Again.

               MAGO
        I HAVE NO HOME!

He keeps the Stunner going.

               AMA
        Please....stop.

               MAGO
        This is only the beginning.

Ama gurgles, curls into the fetal position. Mago pulls out a 
case from underneath the torture cart. He sets it down on 
the ground where Ama can see, pops it open. She see's that 
it's full of rusty, twisted TORTURE TOOLS.

ARMORY HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS

We follow the needle in Raven's hand as he walks down 
corridors of weapons into the -- 

ARMORY LAB - CONTINUOUS

As he rounds the corner, we see the tableau as AMA 
SCREAMS--six petrified SCIENTISTS watch in horror, SCAR and 
BRUISER watch in delight as Mago reaches for a rusty hooked 
torture implement from the kit. 

               RAVEN

        Stop!

Mago turns, seething.

               MAGO
        You dare give me orders?

               RAVEN
        Tullis dares. I've got an injection 
        for her. Truth serum. It's more 
        effective.

               MAGO
        I doubt that.

Raven steps up to her. Pulls out her hand. 

               RAVEN

        I'm sorry.

She nods, she knows what's coming. Raven puts the needle 

towards her vein, he slows an inch away. Pauses. And stabs. 
It's in. He puts his thumb on the plunger. Hesitates.

Ama looks into his eyes. 

               AMA
        It wasn't supposed to be like this.

He can't. In one motion he pulls the syringe out and stabs 
at Mago's face. Mago catches his hand, hurls him into one of 
the guards--SCAR.

THUG already has his MACHINE GUN aimed. Raven SPINS Scar 
around who takes the burst of automatic fire. Raven pops out 
from behind his human shield long enough to throw the 
syringe. THUG looks down as it lands in his chest. 

Raven kicks off the wall slamming himself and Scar into 
Thug, pushing the plunger. Thug convulses, foams, and falls.

The scientists are screaming. One darts out in front of 
Raven, making a break for the exit. He suddenly drops. He's 
taken a rusty torture blade in the head, meant for Raven. 

Mago reaches for the rest of the tools. Raven flips over the 
WORKTABLE, ducking behind it. FOOMP. A blade pierces through 
the other side, millimeters from Raven's eyes.  

Raven pulls around his SONIC RIFLE takes aim over the table 
The rifle is severed in half by Mago's sword.

Raven rolls back and whips out his .45. Mago's ARM SHIELD 
expands. Raven fires 6 quick rounds, but Mago's ducks behind 
his shield.

SLOW MO: Raven ejects his magazine, letting it fall only 
half an inch into his hand. 

REGULAR SPEED: Raven pulls the trigger. CLICK CLICK CLICK. 
It sounds empty. Mago smiles, retracts his shield.

Raven JAMS the magazine back in, takes his final SHOT.

But Mago's spotted it, he twists. Blood splatters as the 
bullet grazes his arm.

Raven fires again--CLICK. The gun really is empty.

Mago kicks the gun out of Raven's hand. Raven backs up 
against the wall, defenseless. Mago savors the moment.

The scientists SCREAM as he slowly raises his sword above 
his head. The sword slices back down and SLAMS into the red 
and white cross shield of the Knight's Templar.

Mago quickly spins to dodge Guillam's hammer. The two square 
off while Raven and Necalli rush to Ama.

Guillame nods for the scientists to get out while they can. 
They don't need to be told twice. 

               GUILLAME
        You're lost, Mago. You've forgotten 
        how to do anything but hate. 

               MAGO
        The pilgrim knight finally makes a 
        stand. What took you so long, 
        coward?

Mago's chain sword ROARS to life. 

INT. ARMORY, MAIN ROOM - CONTINUOUS

Outside of the lab, we hear the thunderous SLAMS of metal on 
metal as the two titans go at it. Necalli and Raven run out 
with Ama and freeze.

We pull back to see the QUATTERMASTER holding a very large, 
FUTURISTIC RIFLE. His hands shake.

               QUARTERMASTER
        ...Please move.

Raven shouts while he leaps out of the way.

               RAVEN
        Guillame! Down!

The Quartermaster FIRES. A SHOCK WAVE blasts the wall down 
and hurls MAGO against the far wall, he's stunned. Guillame 
stands, looks to the Quartermaster who tosses Raven the gun.

               QUARTERMASTER

        Go. 

               RAVEN
        Tell him I shot him.

               QUARTERMASTER
        Oh don't worry, I will. 

Raven helps Ama as they race down the aisles of weapons. He 
slows, grabs a HARD LIGHT BALL and the extra JUMP BELT the 
Quartermaster was working on.

EXT. EDGE BASE, STREETS - MOMENTS LATER

Raven, Guillame and Necalli move as fast as they can with 
Ama injured. Raven helps her put on the jump belt.

Guillame scowls at the belts.

               GUILLAME
        Don't you have a better way of 
        getting out of here?

               RAVEN
        I'm all ears.

They fiddle with the knobs on their belts and hologram 
doppelgangers appear 40 feet in front of them. 

Klaxons sound. A PATROL rounds the corner, spots our team 
and aims MACHINE GUNS. Raven aims his future rifle.

               PATROL LEADER/RAVEN
           (note: will be dual 
           dialogue)
        Freeze! 

Raven pulls the trigger. His gun SCREES, overloading. A 
helpful message appears on the LCD: "MALFUNTION, DISCARD 
WEAPON IMMEDIATELY!"

Raven lobs the huge rifle and touches his belt. The four of 
them disappear in a blue flash as bullets tear up the wall.

INT. EDGE CORP BASE, ARMORY - DAY

Mago stalks through the rows of weapons, hears a BOOM from 
the nearby explosion. He scowls, taps his helmet.

               MAGO
        My team, form up.
           (to the Quartermaster)
        What did they take?

The shaking Quartermaster points to a HARD LIGHT ORB.

               MAGO
           (in his Comm)
        West gate, now. They're heading for 
        the jungle. 

EXT. JUNGLE - LATER

Raven and crew struggle to pull Ama through the dense 
foliage, but she's battered and exhausted. 

ANGLE ON - MAGO

Branches and vines whip Mago in the face as he and the other 
elites sprint through the dense jungle. 

ANGLE ON - RAVEN

A spray of hot plasma fire bolts by them. It splashes into 
nearby trees which burst into flames.

               GUILLAME
        We're too slow. We need to use 
        these damnedable belts.

               AMA
           (weakly)
        Too dense.

               NECALLI
        It clears out ahead.

               RAVEN
        We won't make it that far.

Raven looks around, searching. PLASMA fire immolates a tree 
next to them. Ama SCREAMS as flaming shreds fly at her.

ANGLE ON - MAGO

and the rest of the Elites sprint. They slow at the burning 
tree. Mago holds his hand up, signalling a halt.

LYCOS, the wolf-headed barbarian kneels, studying the dirt.

               LYCOS
        We've lost the trail.

               VLAD
        They couldn't teleport through 
        this.

Mago thinks, looks to the treetops. A faint spark of BLUE.

EXT. TREETOPS - CONTINUOUS

Raven and company barrel through the branches. We see 
flashes of blue as the Elites teleport to pursue them.

It's a mad dash through the canopy. Blue flashes all around 
as Raven's team and the Elites run, leap and teleport.

The lead ELITE gains on Raven. Almost to him. The ELITE 
LEAPS, mis-times his teleport and re-appears FUSED with a 
TREE TRUNK as Raven passes by.

NECALLI splits off, he's absolutely at home in the jungle, a 
monkey couldn't keep up with him. He dives to a branch where 

the blue holo image of an Elite appears.

A split second later the elite materializes. Necalli is 
waiting for him, war spear ready. He hurls it. It strikes 
true and the elite falls from the branch.

Necalli is already moving to hunt his next target.

ANGLE ON - TARAN

He watches Necalli leap, grins. He's equally at home here.

CUT TO:

Raven, Guillame and Ama push through the foliage. 

Ama can't leap, but she's out in the lead, making quick, 
precise leaps.

Raven's not far behind, but he sees Guillame's struggling. 
Mis-aiming leaps by feet, barely landing on branches--the 
lead Elite-        -a feral MONGOL--hot on his heals.

Raven waits for Guillame to pass, pulls back a springy 
BRANCH. The MONGOL hologram appears feet away. Raven 
RELEASES his branch. It whips back catching the Elite right 
as he materializes. The Mongol FUSES with the branch and 
chokes out a half scream as he dies.

EXT. JUNGLE, EDGE - DAY - CONTINUOUS

Raven leaps away, catching up to Guillame and Ama. The trees 
are thinning, revealing the CHASM up ahead.

               GUILLAME
        Go, I'll catch up.

ANGLE ON - NECALLI AND TARAN

The two fight at impossible speeds through the canopy. 
Disappearing, reappearing, leaping, stabbing and slashing as 
if you unraveled a duel across 600 feet of treetops. 

ANGLE ON - GUILLAME

He waits on a MASSIVE BRANCH, presses a button on his 
WARHAMMER, it glows and hums, pulsing with energy.  

Vlad and four others land on the branch. Vlad sprays a few 
rounds from his GATLING SHOTGUN, Guillame deflects them 
effortlessly with his shield. The shotgun is empty. The rest 
move in, blades out.

Guillame swings the glowing hammer--a massive overhand 
SMASH--straight onto the branch. A WAVE of energy explodes 

from the impact and the giant branch turns to SPLINTERS. 

EXT. CHASM - DAY

Raven dangles from the HARD LIGHT ZIP LINE. Only 20 feet 
across the 150 foot chasm. Ama's behind him, dangling from 
her jump belt which is locked around the zip line.

She holds on to Raven's foot and he struggles to slowly drag 
them both across. 

Guillame materializes, only a foot in the air. He lands near 
the base of ORB. He nods, proud. It wasn't a bad jump.

               RAVEN
        I knew you'd get the hang of that 
        thing. Come on.

For the first time we see Guillame's face turn soft. He 
gives a slight smile. 

               GUILLAME
        No time. Goodbye, John Raven. Thank 
        you for helping me see. 

He turns around, defending the base of the ZIP LINE.

               RAVEN
        What are you doing?

               GUILLAME
        Making a stand!

               RAVEN
        You'll die! 

               GUILLAME
        My life is not my own, friend. 

               RAVEN
        It's not worth it!

               GUILLAME
        That's up to you.

Guillame raises his shield and Hammer, as Mago and the eight 
remaining Elites stalk out of the jungle. 

As the Elites close in on Guillame, a RIFLE ELITE sights 
down on Raven and Ama struggling to cross the zip line.

TARAN'S body lands on the RIFLE ELITE. The shot goes wide.

Necalli catapults himself from the trees and teleports, 
landing in a superhero pose between Guillame and the elites.

               GUILLAME

        Show off.

               MAGO
           (to Necalli)
        So you've found your backbone... 
        Pity your death won't matter.

               NECALLI
        It will matter to me.

A tense beat. The Elites RUSH in. It's an explosion of 
violence. Guillame SMASHING, Necalli DARTING in and out, 
taking precision strikes and dodging blades.

Mago SLASHES Guillame's wrist, he drops his HAMMER, wields 
his shield in two hands bludgeoning anything in reach. 

Mago swings for Necalli who writhes away snakelike--but is 
jerked back. His eyes go wide in horror--Mago has his 
ponytail in his free hand.

Guillame sees Necalli, but has his hands full with 5 other 
elites. Mago SWINGS his sword at Necalli's THROAT.

CLOSE ON: Necalli's war club lands in the dirt.

Guillame ROARS and redoubles his efforts BATTERING with his 
shield and clearing space. 

Mago strides towards him and swings. Shield and sword 
collide, the chainsword GRINDS across the shield, kicking up 
a shower of sparks.

THUD--Lycos' AXE protrudes from Guillame's back. He 
stumbles. Mago approaches with a grin, raises his sword.

CLOSE ON: The TEMPLAR SHIELD clattering to the ground.

EXT. FALLEN TREE BRIDGE - CONTINUOUS

Raven looks back to see Guillame hit the ground. He looks 
ahead, they're 20 feet from the opposite side.

He pulls with all his strength.

ANGLE ON - MAGO

Mago casually steps up to the half ORB. Takes a beat to 
enjoy watching Raven struggle. Picks up his foot and CRUSHES 
the orb.

ANGLE ON - RAVEN

The zip line DISAPPEARS. 

MAGO'S POV - Ama and Raven fall, splash into the RIVER 
below, limp bodies rushed downstream and over the WATERFALL.

Every Elite with a long range weapon rushes to the side of 
the chasm, AIMS at the base of the waterfall, waiting for 
them to surface.

EXT. RIVER, UNDERWATER - CONTINUOUS

Raven's unconscious body tumbles below the surface like a 
rag doll on the spin cycle. He jerks awake, sees Ama above 
him, weakly swimming for the light. 

Her arm and leg let off ghostly trails of blood, gashed from 
rocks. Raven frantically swims to her, but is pushed down by 
the force of the waterfall. He has to swim sideways, then 
up. He catches her ankle inches before she can surface, 
dragging her back down as she kicks and flails against him. 

Raven pulls her towards the base of the waterfall, she's 
panicking, slowing, she passes out.

EXT. REAR OF WATERFALL/WATERFALL CAVERN - CONTINUOUS

Raven surfaces with a gasp behind the waterfall, he pulls 
Ama up, gets his bearings.

EXT. CHASM - CONTINUOUS

MAGO'S HUD POV - We scan the area. No warm bodies. 

The Elites aim at the water, on high alert.

               LYCOS

        Anything?

               MAGO
        No. Search downstream.

INT. ARMORY LAB - NIGHT

Tullis' BIONIC EYES. Scans the wrecked lab. Pissed. Nervous 
scientists wait for him to talk. The Spartan hangs, moaning.

               TULLIS
        How long do you need to reverse 
        engineer it?

               QUARTERMASTER
        By myself? Ages. I've never seen 
        anything like this. Their stuff is 
        so cool...
           (softer, serious)
        I think we need to send it forward.

               TULLIS
        Too dangerous. 

               QUARTERMASTER

        But--

               TULLIS
        If one man outside this room learns 
        he can go home, they'll have our 
        heads on pikes.

A COUGH. The whole room turns to find Galloway.

               TULLIS
        Lieutenant... Come in. 

He does. Awkwardly.

               GALLOWAY
        Sir, I need to tell you that I 
        heard what you just said and I 
        don't care. I believe in what we're 
        doing and I'll be faithful to 
        death. In fact, that's why I'm 
        here...

Galloway holds out the CAMERA that caught Raven and Graves.

               GALLOWAY
        There's something you need to see.

INT. WATERFALL CAVERN - NIGHT

Ama wakes with a start in a cavern, moonlight rippling 
through a curtain of water--she's behind the waterfall.

Wounds on her arm and leg are tied up with Raven's ripped 
off shirt sleeves.

               AMA
        Hello? ...Raven?

Her voice echoes through the cavern. She's alone. We hear 
NOISE at the mouth of the cave. Raven climbs in, holding 
sticks. Ama untenses.

               RAVEN
        Sorry I left you. 

               AMA
        But you came back.

Raven lays out the sticks to make fire.

               AMA
        ...Why did you save me?

               RAVEN
        I was on the wrong side... why did 
        you save me?

               AMA
        ...The future that I'm from. 
        It's...bleak. Most have died, many 
        are crippled from chemical warfare. 
        The only hope for humanity was for 
        a few scientists to go back in time 
        and stop an army. We were 
        outmanned, outclassed. I was the 
        one who pushed to use soldiers from 
        history...men who would have died 
        in battle anyway so we didn't leave 
        a large footprint. Everyone thought 
        it was too risky, but one night 
        while we were fighting about what 
        to do--

We FLASH to Scientists, Ama and the angry HAN COMMANDER 
arguing in a darkened room. Suddenly, a wounded SAMURAI 
materializes in a burst of blinding light.

               AMA
        --Musashi appeared, bloodied, 
        almost dead. We ran to him and he 
        whispered one thing before dying: 
        "It rises or falls on John Raven."

Raven takes this in.

               AMA
        It was validation for everything 
        I'd said...we built the army, 
        obviously... And I've been hoping 
        for you ever since.  

               RAVEN
        Hope I was worth the wait.

               AMA
        We'll find out.

               RAVEN
        But it's already done. I saved you. 
        Edge Corp won't crack the shield 
        packs... I'll take you to your 
        base, but I'm not staying there. 

He rubs the sticks together.

               AMA
        I see... Where will you go?

               RAVEN
        Someplace with a view. I can work 
        with my hands. Build a house.

               AMA

        Alone?

He looks at Ama.

               RAVEN

        Depends...

               AMA
        ...You're not like a thought you'd 
        be.

               RAVEN
        I know... I wish I were taller too.

She smiles.

               AMA
        What war did they pull you from?

               RAVEN
        World War Two. Pacific Theater.

               AMA
        I'm surprised you don't hate me.

               RAVEN
        Why would I hate you?
           (in Japanese)
        I hate your emperor, but I fell in 
        love with your culture.

The fire sparks.

               AMA

        Oh yes?

               RAVEN
        It's...graceful...beautiful... 

Ama studies Raven, his face reflecting the rippled moonlight 
and warm glow of the fire. She closes her eyes as if taking 
a mental picture. Raven looks away.

               RAVEN
        You shouldn't sleep in your wet 
        clothes. I found you something to 
        put on. 

He hands her large, skirt-sized leaves, turns to give her 
privacy. She laughs as she strips in the firelight.

               AMA
        I feel like Eve.

               RAVEN
        If the leaf fits...

INT. MUSASHI'S QUARTERS - NIGHT

Musashi sits cross-legged, a hologram of Graves before him.

               GRAVES
        Sir, Ama's free and clear. Mago's 
        team returned empty-handed.

               MUSASHI
        And the shield pack?

               GRAVES
        She gave them nothing, but it did 
        survive. 

               MUSASHI
        Can their scientists reverse 
        engineer it? 

               GRAVES
        Not in time. I'll sabotage it 
        tomorrow.   

EXT. JUNGLE - DAY

Ama has one arm slung around Raven as she hobbles through 
the jungle.

               RAVEN
        You shouldn't be walking yet. You 
        need more time to heal.

               AMA
        It's not bad. I'm getting stronger. 

               RAVEN
        They'll pull more scientists. You 
        can take a day off.

They come to a clearing, a multi-colored HADROSAUR freezes 

like a fawn in the rays of morning light. 

               AMA

        Beautiful.

Raven looks back at Ama, studies her awed face.

               RAVEN

        Yes.

Ama closes her eyes, another picture. Opens them.

               RAVEN
        Why do you do that?

               AMA
        ...In my time it's--

FLASH: A Japanese MOTHER, American FATHER and 11-year-old 
DAUGHTER run through a bombed out street, evading gun fire. 

               AMA
        --Not like this... I saw my first 
        tree when I was thirteen.

               RAVEN
        How is that possible?

               AMA
        No one knew that Edge Corp and Han 
        Tek were changing history. By the 
        time it came out, they were too 
        powerful to stop. They'd made 
        dozens, maybe hundreds of changes.  

She picks up a branch with multiple forks.

               AMA (CONT'D)
        They didn't know that each change 
        made a new, unstable branch in the 
        timeline. Finally, Edge Corp played 
        god one too many times.

She crunches all the branches together. 

               AMA (CONT'D)
        The plagues and wars and 
        destruction of a hundred realities 
        crashed together in a moment.

While she talks, we see a SERIES OF SHOTS:

-A dozen of the same people appearing in an office, some in 
the same space creating horrific siamese twins.

-Buildings, suddenly rotting, groaning, falling.

-A wave of destruction sweeping over NYC. Turning the 
gleaming city into a dark, decrepit hell.

               AMA (CONT'D)
        Billions died. Most of the rest 
        killed each other over the little 
        food and water that was left. 

FLASH: We return to the family crossing the street in a 
bombed out city. The MOTHER and FATHER fall to the ground, 
shot, leaving the young girl to run for cover--it's AMA.

               AMA (CONT'D)
        I had no one until I heard a radio 
        broadcast. They'd made a safe haven 
        across the country. It took months. 
        I slept in fields during the day 
        and walked at night.

FLASH: YOUNG AMA trudges through a cold, barren tundra.

               AMA
        I was prepared for winter, but... 
        Not spring.

FLASH: YOUNG AMA watches a leaf budding in awe.

               AMA
        One night, I woke up in a field at 
        dusk. I thought I was under attack.

FLASH: YOUNG AMA sits in a field, the sky inky with dusk. 
THOUSANDS of FIREFLIES light up around her.

               AMA
        But it wasn't tracer fire, it was 
        insects glowing like a fairy tale. 
        I had known life could be hard and 
        cruel, but I never knew it could 
        be... magical. 

FLASH: Young Ama closes her eyes, taking a mental picture.

               AMA
        I wanted to live in that moment 
        forever. 

BACK TO SCENE: Ama opens her eyes.

                AMA
        The safe haven turned out to be 
        ex-Han Tek scientists and a few 
               (MORE)

                AMA (CONT'D)
        special forces. They taught me 
        science and warfare. 

               RAVEN
        You don't meet many warrior 
        scientists.

               AMA
        Don't be too impressed. They only 
        taught those me two things.

They smile.

               AMA
        I have huge gaps. I've never read 
        the classics. Never seen the ocean, 
        fallen in love... My whole life's 
        been this mission.

               RAVEN
        And it worked. Edge corp is 
        out-classed and they know it. 
        Tullis doesn't think they'll live 
        through the week. 

               AMA
        What do you think?

               RAVEN
        I think you're toying with them. 
        Your inside man is looking for 
        something while your army keeps 
        them distracted.

Ama looks at him in a new light. Nods.

               AMA
        I knew you were special... You're 
        right. If our man stays alive, it's 
        only a matter of time.

EXT. EDGE CITY, TIME MACHINE PAD - NIGHT

Tullis and Galloway stand behind the control panel at the 
time machine landing pad. Instead of the normal techs, the 
SCIENTISTS who are "in the know" man the controls.

Graves approaches with his TRANSPARENT TABLET.

               GRAVES

        Sir, I...

Graves sees the Quartermaster fussing around the half dead 
Spartan, prepping his life support and SHIELD PACK. 

               GRAVES
        You're sending it forward?

               TULLIS

        Of course.

Tullis seems more casual than usual, very subtly fishing for 
a reaction in Graves. Graves barely hides his panic.

               GRAVES
        Sir, I don't think that's 
        advisable. 

               TULLIS
        It's faster. They'll send back 
        enough shields to cover our army 
        within minutes.   

               GRAVES
        If a single soldier finds--

               TULLIS
        I've taken precautions. 

Tullis nods to the LEAD SCIENTIST who fires up the machine. 
A loud, swirling portal shoots up into the sky. Graves 
shouts over the wind.

               GRAVES
        Stop! That might contain Higgsium. 
        Sending it forward could rip the 
        universe in half!

               TULLIS
        Impossible! We've got the only 
        supply of Higgsium.

               GRAVES
        You have to turn it off!

Graves lunges for the controls, but Galloway catches him. 
Holds his arms behind his back. 

               GRAVES
        TURN IT OFF! You'll kill us all!

               TULLIS

               GRAVES

        Why?!

        Please!

               TULLIS
        Does it run on Higgsium?

Graves knows he's giving himself up.

               GRAVES
        Yes! Trace amounts, built in.  

               TULLIS
        How did they get it here? Can the 
        Han time machine transport 
        Higgsium?

               GRAVES
        Yes! Of course it can!

The vortex swirls. Grows.

               GRAVES
        Shut it off!

               TULLIS

        ...No.

Rainbow lightening bursts in the vortex. Graves screams, 
straining against Galloway's grip. A flash, A dozen FUTURE 
SCIENTISTS appear on the landing pad. 

Graves looks in disbelief.

               GRAVES

        You knew?

               TULLIS
        We suspected. You confirmed...
        When did they turn you?

               GRAVES
        They didn't. I was never on your 
        side.

               TULLIS
        I recruited you. You were 
        practically a boy.

               GRAVES
        I was sent back. I've spent my life 
        trying to stop you. You'll destroy 
        the world.

               TULLIS
        You're an enemy agent. Why should I 
        believe a word you say?

Graves doesn't have an answer.

               TULLIS
        Feed him to Mago.

               GRAVES
        Wait! I have to know. Where are you 
        hiding the core? 

Tullis takes Grave's PDA.

               TULLIS
        Closer than you think. 

EXT. JUNGLE - DAY

Raven holds his shirt like a sack, pours out a mound of 
various fruits into Ama's lap.

She notices Raven's chest scars as he sits. Looks away. 
Raven awkwardly covers back up.

               RAVEN
        I had a very ornery cat.

Ama's concerned. Raven holds up some of the odd fruits.

               RAVEN
        So, what would you like? We've got 
        fruit, fruit and...

He holds up an gnarled hairy fruit.

               RAVEN

        ...fruit? 
           (under his breath)
        I've been here before, I recommend 
        the fruit.

               AMA
        You've been here before?

               RAVEN
        This is where I take all my 
        gorgeous warrior-scientists from 
        the future on dates.

               AMA
        So this is a date? I wondered what 
        they were like.

               RAVEN
        Well, they can be hit or miss. The 
        key is to date a good story-teller. 
        I have a feeling between us there 
        might be a few worth telling.

Ama's smile slowly falls.

               AMA
        I can't do this... I can't stay 
        with you...they need me. 

               RAVEN
        Do they? We've both played our 
        parts. 

               AMA
        Come with me...Fight with us for 
        whatever time we have left.

               RAVEN

        I can't.

               AMA
        We could use someone like you.

She's hit a nerve.

               RAVEN
        I'm done being used.

               AMA
        I didn't mean...

               RAVEN
        I know you meant. You think your 
        cause is the most important in the 
        world. My father thought the same 
        thing when he lost his generation 
        to WWI. I thought the same thing 10 
        years ago when I signed up to be 
        hero. I could mean the difference 
        between peace and destruction. I 
        could tip the scales of good and 
        evil. And so I ran into battle, not 
        caring if I died, because I was 
        saving the world. And I did. I 
        saved my whole company--331 souls-- 
        before I got captured...

Raven takes his shirt off. Turns around. We finally get to 
see his gnarled and scarred back.

               RAVEN
        And every day when they beat me, 
        every night when the loneliness and 
        suicide came to suffocate me, I 
        thought of those men, and the lives 
        they'd get to have because of my 
               (MORE)

               RAVEN (CONT'D)
        sacrifice. And if I dared, if I 
        DARED open up the tiniest ray of 
        hope, I thought about my 
        fiance...and the life of peace we'd 
        get to lived because of MY 
        sacrifice? You know what I really 
        bought with that sacrifice? 
        Nothing. My platoon died a year 
        later. To the man. My fiance 
        thought I was dead. She married 
        someone else. I didn't make an 
        ounce of difference. Nothing I did 
        mattered. I got talked into giving 
        up my life by rhetoric. I was 
        stupid. And I won't be that stupid 
        again.

Ama's stunned. Tears brimming. Raven breathing slows.

               RAVEN

        I'm sorry.

Ama reaches out and touches his back.

               AMA

        I'm sorry.

Raven flinches at her touch, but lets her closer. She puts 
her arm around him as he covers his face, curls into 
himself. After a beat he shrugs the moment off.

               RAVEN
        We should set up camp. It's getting 
        dark.

INT. ARMORY - NIGHT

Hundreds of scientists clamor, draw equations and tinker 
with circuits in every spare foot of space.

Tullis approaches the lead FUTURE SCIENTIST, Galloway 
trailing officiously, Grave's old TABLET in his hand.

               TULLIS

        Report.

               FUTURE SCIENTISTS
        If we need to fabricate individual 
        packs we're looking at 
        weeks--BUT--we just found something 
        quite interesting. The tech scales. 
        Easily.

               TULLIS

        Meaning?

               FUTURE SCIENTISTS
        We can build a shield that covers 
        this whole base.

Tullis' eyes light.

               TULLIS
        Could we march with it? 

EXT. JUNGLE - DAY

Ama's walking unaided now. She and Raven crest a RIDGE.

               AMA
        It should be close, it's just 
        over--

Ama's speechless. The sun rises over a verdant, lush valley. 
They've found Eden. Raven catches up, takes in the view.

Ama collects herself. Nods to her right.

               AMA
        It's just over there.

Neither moves. Raven reaches out and holds Ama's hand. They 
talk in whispers.

               RAVEN

        Don't go.

               AMA
        They need me.

               RAVEN
        No they don't. You said it 
        yourself, it's only a matter of 
        time.

               AMA
        ...What else would I do?

               RAVEN
        Come with me. Go see the ocean. 
        We'd live in paradise. No wars. No 
        fighting. Maybe we only get a day, 
        maybe we get 60 years.

               AMA

        I can't...

               RAVEN
        We've served our time. Given our 
        blood. We've earned some rest... 

It's working. He knows it. 

               RAVEN
        Tell me you're not as tired as I 
        am. Tired of fighting, tired of 
        paying for other people's choices. 
        It's been so dark for so long... 
        you're the first light I've seen. I 
        can't lose you. 

She turns to him, tears in her eyes. He leans in for a kiss. 
The moment before their lips meet, we hear WAR HORNS.

Ama turns.

               AMA
        Those aren't ours.

She scrambles through foliage to the other side of the 
hilltop. In the distance, we see the Han Base...and the 
whole Edge Tech army--thousands of men--marching towards it.

               AMA
        It doesn't make sense. 

The faint purple ripple of a SHIELD DOME covers the army.

               AMA
        Oh God. Give me eyepiece.

He does. AMA'S HUD POV: we ZOOM IN on the center flags. 
Tullis' marches next to a SHIELD DEVICE--a 5x5 box of high 
tech lights, tubes and metal, think the Ark of the Covenant 
meets the Death Star.

Ama takes off down the steep hill.

               RAVEN
        Where are you going?

               AMA
        Destroying that shield.

               RAVEN
        It's suicide!

               AMA
        It doesn't matter!

               RAVEN
        I won't lose you!

               AMA
        Then don't let me die!

EXT. MINE FIELD/EDGE CORP ARMY, FRONT LINES - DAY

The Edge Corp front lines march--Native and Meso-Americans, 
Picts, Seljuks, Mameluk camel cavalry--weapons modded with 
the best future tech.  

As they march, the thousands of planted land mines explode 
but are caught and stilled by the force field--a cascade of 
fiery explosions frozen in time like roses mid-bloom. 

INT. HAN TEK BASE, COMMAND CENTER - DAY

Musashi strides into the high tech COMMAND CENTER, 
overlooking the battle. An OFFICER turns to him, worried. 

               HAN OFFICER
        Sir, the mines aren't detonating.

               MUSASHI

        Why?

               HAN OFFICER
        I don't know.

               HAN COMMANDER
        I warned you.

A flutter of fear shows in Musashi's eyes before being 
replaced by his usual confidence.

               MUSASHI
        Siege positions. Fill the sky.

EXT. HAN BASE, PERIMETER GUNS - CONTINUOUS

Giant PERIMETER GUNS raise their barrels and BLAST round 
after round into the sky.

EXT. MINE FIELD/EDGE CORP ARMY, FRONT LINES - DAY

The front lines march through the forest of frozen 
explosions. They look up at the tell-tale WHISTLING of 
incoming shells. Soldiers crouch, bracing for impact as a 
monsoon of heavy artillery rounds scream down--then freeze, 
suspended above them, caught in the domed shield. 

INT. HAN TEK BASE, COMMAND CENTER - CONTINUOUS

Musashi waits an expectant beat, too long. Then flashes of 
purple show in the distance.

               MUSASHI
        They're using our shields. Form up 
        the archers, ready the troops, 
        we're going out to meet them.

EXT. BASE OF HILL/MINE FIELD - DAY

Raven races down the hill after Ama. He catches her at the 
edge of the MINE FIELD. 

               RAVEN
        What's your plan?

               AMA
        We need to find a Lightening 
        Thrower. That should fry the 
        shield.

Raven sighs. Nods. Ama SPRINTS to the --

EXT. MINE FIELD/REAR OF ARMY - CONTINUOUS

Raven and Ama watch the rear edge of the shield dome dragged 
past the frozen explosions. Once out of the moving dome, the 
mines detonate at full speed, slinging dirt, shrapnel, red 
fire and black smoke. The trailing edge of the army is a 
hellscape, impossible to pass.

               AMA
        We'll have to go in from the side.

               RAVEN
        In front of their entire army?

               AMA
        It's the only way. 

She looks him in the eyes.

               AMA
        If I die, promise me you'll destroy 
        that thing.

               RAVEN
        I'm not letting you die.

EXT. HAN BASE WALLS - DAY

On the low HAN WALLS, columns of British LONGBOWMEN pull 
strange, thick arrows from quivers and knock their bows.

INT. HAN BASE, RAPTOR PEN - DAY

Handlers move along the cages of hundreds of growling and 
hissing VELOCIRAPTORS spraying a GREEN MIST. The beasts go 
nuts, they foam at the mouth and slam against the cages.

               LEAD HANDLER
        Hit the fence!

With a deep BUZZ, a laser fence appears, creating a path 
from all the cages into one channel which leads from the Han 
Base to the mine field.

               LEAD HANDLER
        Let 'em rip!

The cages slam open and the dinosaurs stampede out. Those 
that try to push against the laser fence are blasted 
backwards by massive electrical discharges. The raptors 
cascade through the corral, out of the Han base, and rush 
towards Tullis' approaching army.

EXT. EDGE CORP ARMY, FRONT LINES - DAY

A Revolutionary War REDCOAT commands the gun teams. 

               REDCOAT
        Company, halt! Aim...

The GUN TEAMS levels their PLASMA RIFLES

               REDCOAT

        FIRE!

Plasma rifles roar, furious violet bolts whistle towards the 
Han. One in ten weapons erupt into near-frozen explosions. 

Most of the plasma is absorbed by the base's low walls, 
allowing Han archers to respond with a skyfull of arrows. 

QUICK ZOOM to the LEAD ARROWS. Up close we can see that each 
arrow is a MIRV, splitting into five more bolts. 

ANGLE ON - YOUNG PICT INFANTRYMAN

looking up at the sandstorm of arrows.

               OFFICER (O.S.)

        SHIELDS!

Our PICT quickly raises his shield.

PICT POV: As the shield goes up, it reveals a wave of 
RAPTORS, feet away. A raptor LEAPS right at us, jaws open.

He quickly lowers his shield as the Raptor SLAMS into it. 

A dozen arrows appear in his head.

The arrows sound like hail on a tin roof as they smack into 
the hundreds of raised shields. It's quickly followed by the 
screams as the front lines are gutted by Raptors.                                    

ANGLE ON - TULLIS

A lone velociraptor emerges from the clouds of mines and 
LEAPS. With lightning reflexes, Tullis shoots a hole through 
it with his plasma PISTOL.

He speaks calmly into his communicator.

               TULLIS
        Get the catapults in place.

ANGLE ON - COLUMN OF CATAPULTS

Crews scurry around a dozen HALFTRACKS which bend 
Transformers style: 4 mechanical LEGS pop out forming a 
brace, a mechanical CRANE emerges from the center, and the 
front of the truck twists into an open track. The long track 
has a scooped wedge at the bottom, the whole assembly is an 
ELECTROMAGNETIC CATAPULT.

The cranes grab up boulders from the surrounding craters and 
load them onto the bottom of the inclined tracks, resting 
against the wedges. We focus in on the lead CATAPULT. With a 
whirr and bang the wedge blurs forward hurling the boulder. 
As the boulder flies towards the Han base we see the impact 
from the wedge hitting the end of the track shakes the 
vehicle, the four bracing legs barely keeping it upright.

HAN BASE - CONTINUOUS

Boulders crash through the Han base, making swiss cheese of 
the walls and buildings.

HAN INFANTRY pour out of the flaming base, flanked by 
SAMURAI and MEDIEVAL CAVALRY.

ANGLE ON - RAVEN AND AMA

Ama careers out of the jungle's edge towards the side of the 
marching army. Raven grabs her, holds her back.

               AMA
        You're not stopping me!

               RAVEN
        Wait for the diversion.

               AMA

        What?

They watch as the two armies SPLASH into each other. 
Shields, spears, swords and battle axes CLATTER and CRASH as 
teched-up Romans, Zandes, Indians, Redcoats, Spartans, 
Huns--ALL of history--fight for their lives.

               RAVEN

        NOW!

He and Ama sprint into the--

BATTLEFIELD

The fray is a chaotic ballet of violence and the stage is a 
forest of incomplete mine explosions.

SLIGHT SLOW MO gives us one fluid, over-the-shoulder shot as 
Raven pulls out his knife, follows Ama. 

RAVEN slices a lunatic Pict, upgrades his combat knife for 
the Pict's war club. Wielding it like a baseball slugger, 
Raven bludgeons anyone who dares to point a weapon towards 
his girl.

He SMASHES an OFFICER, grabs his PLASMA PISTOL and throws it 
to AMA in a slow-mo dance.

AERIAL SHOT - We soar over the battle. It's sheer chaos. 
Some Han troops break rank and flee to the base.

EXT. HAN BASE, GATE - DAY

Musashi strides through the gates of the HAN BASE, trailed 
by the Han Commander.

               HAN COMMANDER
        What are you doing?

               MUSASHI
        I do not die on this battlefield.

               HAN COMMANDER
        We've lost! It's over! You've got 
        to go forward and warn us!  

A BOULDER SMASHES through the wall next to them.

               MUSASHI
        I've got to stop those catapults. 

ANGLE ON - A GROUP OF HAN TROOPS

They're losing ground, hope and strength. They turn at 

hopeful cheers of "Musashi!"  

ANGLE ON - MUSASHI

He strides out of the base, dual blades in hands.

               MUSASHI
        On me! ON ME!

Musashi pushes into the fray, men rally behind him. From 
ABOVE we see Musashi as the tip of a spear wedging right 
through Edge soldiers.  

ANGLE ON - MAGO AND THE ELITES

They spot Musashi going for the CATAPULTS, and plow their 
RAPTOR CHARIOTS through                  friend and foe in a race to them. 

ANGLE ON - RAVEN AND AMA

continue their blitzkreig to the shield device. There's 
terrible visibility among the pillars of slow-mo explosions. 

               AMA
        It's right up here!

               RAVEN

        Wait.

Raven spots a LIGHTNING THROWER--he breaks off from AMA to 
smash the man's arms, then picks up the thrower. 

Raven looks over his shoulder. No Ama. He's lost her. 

We hear Ama SCREAM.

EXT. MINEFIELD, CATAPULTS AREA - DAY

Musashi whirls around the battlefield with a combination of 
blinding sprints, teleports and acrobatics. Untouchable. 

He appears at a CATAPULT, filets the crew, slices off the 
mechanical loading claw with one clean swing. Disappears. 

ANGLE ON - DIFFERENT CATAPULT

Musashi teleports to a second CATAPULT. MAGO and the ELITES 
materialize in front of him. 

They rush him, but he touches his JUMP BELT, zips away.

               MAGO
        Fight me, you coward!

ANGLE ON - RAVEN

Searching through the pillars of flame and dirt.

               RAVEN

        AMA!

Raven PEEKS around a pillar, PLASMA FIRE sails past. He 
takes cover behind it.

               TULLIS (O.S.)
        Hold your fire, you could detonate 
        his lightning thrower.
           (to Raven)
        We have the girl. Let's talk.

Raven, gun raised, steps out into a small

CLEARING

TULLIS holds AMA, hand over her mouth, PISTOL to her head.

Behind Tullis, Galloway glowers at Raven while tense GUARDS 
protect the SHIELD GENERATOR.

Raven aims the LIGHTENING THROWER.

               RAVEN
        Let her go!

               TULLIS
        Or what? You'll fire? Destroying 
        the shield? Look up, Raven.

He does. HUNDREDS OF BOMB SHELLS frozen mid air.

               TULLIS
        Destroy this shield and we all die. 
        There's still a chance for you both 
        to leave alive.

Ama bites Tullis, gets her mouth free.

               AMA

        NOW!!

Tullis CLOCKS her with his pistol. She goes limp. Raven 
raises the gun higher.

               TULLIS
        Ah ah ah. Think this through. This 
        is not your fight. Why die for it?

               RAVEN
        You're going to kill humanity.

               TULLIS
        That is one possible future. And I 
        guarantee that in every other 
        possible future humanity still 
        kills itself. We are brutal, 
        selfish beasts. We want what we 
        want and we find increasingly 
        clever ways to kill each other and 
        get it. But you don't even have to 
        kill to get what you want, I'm 
        offering it to you, freely.

               RAVEN
        And you know what I want?

               TULLIS
        I know you don't want to pull that 
        trigger or we'd be dead already. I 
        know you risked your life for her, 
        so she must be special and I know, 
        that above all, you...are done 
        fighting. So if you put down that 
        gun, Lt. Galloway will escort you 
        both back into the jungle where you 
        and this woman can live happily 
        ever after...  

Raven hesitates. Thinking.

               TULLIS (CONT'D)
        We won't look for you, there's no 
        reason to. I will have what I want, 
        and so will you... 

               RAVEN
        How can I trust you?

               TULLIS
        My corporation may take liberties 
        with the truth, but I do not. 
           (to the guards)
        They will have SAFE passage, do you 
        understand?

Raven starts to lower the gun, then raises it.

               RAVEN
        ...I'm sorry.

We finally see Tullis lose it.

               TULLIS
        DO YOU WANT TO BE CRUSHED IN A 
               (MORE)

               TULLIS (CONT'D)
        BLACK HOLE FOR ETERNITY? Do you 
        want to be one more meaningless 
        casualty in one more meaningless 
        war? This is the ONLY life you get. 
        Use it wisely!

Raven hesitates. Tullis calms.

               TULLIS
        Do you think I want the future she 
        predicts? I can stop it from 
        happening. Nothing is written, so 
        don't make a mistake that's 
        irreversible.

Raven stares. 

               TULLIS
           (to his guards)
        Lower your guns. All of you. Shoot 
        and I'll shoot you.

The guards lower their weapons. 

               TULLIS
        Do we have a deal?

ANGLE ON - MAGO AND MUSASHI

Musashi appears at a catapult to find THREE ELITES blocking 
him. He disappears.

ANGLE ON - ANOTHER CATAPULT

Musashi appears at a different catapult, another handful of 
Elites. He attacks, but the elites hold their ground. 

ANGLE ON - LARGEST CATAPULT

Musashi appears at the largest catapult--guarded by MAGO.

Musashi thumbs his jump belt--no more battery. 

Mago grins. Musashi nods, takes up a DUEL stance. A beat.

The frightened siege crew still loads the catapult.

Musashi CHARGES. We go to SLOW-MO to see MAGO dodge the 
katana. But the slice wasn't meant for him. Musashi's SEVERS 
the catapult's BRACE LEG right as the machine LAUNCHES.

The catapult LURCHES, Musashi dives away, but Mago's hand 
CLAMPS around his ankle. The CATAPULT TOPPLES onto them. 

Mago teleports away just before he's crushed.

We catch a quick flash of Musashi tapping his SHIELD PACK 
before he's completely buried under the gigantic catapult.

The machine shudders and bursts into fragments. Shrapnel and 
fire is caught in the time shield and frozen.

EXT. EDGE OF JUNGLE - DAY

Raven carries Ama as Galloway and a few GUARDS escort them 
out of the battlefield to the edge of the jungle.

Raven turns to Galloway whose eyes are filled with contempt.

               RAVEN
        I told you I wasn't a hero.

Galloway doesn't answer, just turns and walks away.

SERIES OF SHOTS

-EDGE forces swarm over the Han base. Blasting away.

-Burning buildings crumple and collapse in on themselves.

-Perimeter guns are pulled from their mounts and cast down.

-What little remains in the armory is looted.

-The Edge Corp shield dome is dragged past the mine field, 
frozen explosions rip into full speed, except one massive 
catapult remains in a frozen partial burst, Musashi trapped 
underneath.

-Tullis marches through the chaos up to the Han TIME 
MACHINE. He smiles.

EXT. JUNGLE, STREAM - DAY

Ama lies unconscious near a stream. Raven gently washes her 
face with the cool water. She wakes.

               AMA
        What happened?! Did it work?

               RAVEN
        We're safe.

She closes her eyes in tears. Embraces Raven.

               AMA
        How did we make it out?

               RAVEN
        ...They let us walk away.

She goes cold, pulls away.

               AMA
        After you destroyed the shield?

               RAVEN
        We would have died.

               AMA
        You let them go?

               RAVEN
        I had to. It's the only way we 
        could get out safely.

               AMA

        Oh god...

Ama stands, runs. Raven chases her to the--

HILLTOP - CONTINUOUS

Ama falls to her knees looking at the smoking rubble of the 
Han base. Raven catches up to her.

               AMA
        No. No no no no no.... What have 
        you done?

               RAVEN
        I got us out alive. I saved us.

Ama's horrified.

               RAVEN
        Tullis will stop it. He doesn't 
        want that future any more than you 
        do. 

               AMA
        But there's a hundred more 
        timelines that won't stop 
        splitting. It'll only happen again!

               RAVEN
        It will always happen again! 
        Mankind will keep destroying and 
        killing and taking. They're brutal 
        and selfish. And we have a chance 
        to get away from all of that. You 
        can't tell me you don't want that.

She looks at him, disgusted.

               AMA
        ...I           believed in you! Everyone said 
        you'd be our death, but I trusted 
        you! And you're no better than 
        them!

She starts down the hill. He follows.

               RAVEN
        We've given everything--

               AMA
        Exactly! I gave everything for 
        this! I went through hell, I 
        sacrificed all I had to give and 
        you've made it all meaningless.

This hits Raven.

               RAVEN
        ...I just wanted ONE chance at 
        life.

               AMA
        That was your chance. You could 
        have traded one life for 10 
        billion!... We were the last hope 
        for humanity and YOU made the most 
        brutal, selfish choice you could 
        possibly make and now the entire 
        world has to pay for it... you've 
        killed us all.

She stalks down the hill, leaving Raven alone, stunned.

EXT. BATTLEFIELD - DAY

Ama stumbles through the rubble of the battlefield, tears in 
her eyes. She flips over the corpses of a few SAMURAI, 
exposing their faces. No Musashi.  

EXT. JUNGLE, CHASM - DAY

Raven uses a make-shift shovel to throw the last cascade of 
dirt onto two MOUNDS. He places Necalli's WAR CLUB and 
Guillame's SHIELD in their respective mounds.

He pulls his helmet over his heart, searches for words. He 
finally speaks, haltingly, hesitantly.

               RAVEN
        I'm sorry... You died for the wrong 
        man... 

He turns to Guillame's mound and shield.

               RAVEN
        You gave your whole life to protect 
        the innocent, but there's blood on 
        my hands... 

Looks at Necalli's mound.

               RAVEN
        You fought and died so that people 
        you loved in the future would be 
        safe. And I let evil destroy that 
        future just so I could live. I 
        wasted the chance you gave me. I'm 
        not worth your sacrifice... 

Raven looks up at the setting sun. His eyes brim with tears. 
A beat. Pain turns to resolution, then determination. 

               RAVEN
        ...But they are.

ANGLE ON - SHIELD AND CLUB

Raven's hands pick up the shield, the club.

EXT. MINEFIELD, CATAPULT - DAY

Ama continues her search of the samurai bodies, grimly 
determined. Winged scavenger dinosaurs land on a group of 
bodies in the distance. Ama runs towards them, firing.

               AMA
        Get out of here! GO AWAY!

Ama is manic, firing and screaming. The beasts flee. Ama 
breaks down, falling to her knees.

She looks up, from where she is now she can see the lead 
catapult--and its time-frozen partial explosion.

She sprints towards it calling out.

               AMA
        Master Musashi! MASTER MUSASHI!

               MUSASHI (O.S.)
           (hoarsely)
        I am here. Stay back, my shield is 
        dying.

Ama ignores him and rushes to the catapult. She scrambles at 
the rubble, and after a moment's work she's able to move a 

piece, revealing Musashi, pinned.

               AMA
        I need a lever. Stay there.

He raises an eyebrow.

               AMA

        ...Right.

She runs to grab one of the knight's lances. Over her 
shoulder we see Musashi's time shield flicker for a moment.

Just as Ama turns around we see the explosion rush outward 
for a fraction of a second, then freeze again. She returns.

               MUSASHI
        No need for two deaths. Go.

               AMA
        I won't abandon you.

Ama wedges the lance under the rubble and presses with all 
her might, it barely moves. Musashi strains with everything 
he has. Still not enough.

               MUSASHI
        I'm sorry. I've failed you.

HANDS joins Ama's on the lance--RAVEN. Ama's angry but busy. 
Even with Raven, it's still not enough.

               MUSASHI
        Go, there's no time!

               RAVEN
        Wait, I know what to do.

Raven sprints off. He searches the corpses around the 
catapults until he finds an Elite. Raven pillages his jump 
belt then races back, tosses the belt to Musashi. 

               MUSASHI

        Now GO!

Ama and Raven sprint away. The explosion roars into full 
speed. Flame, dirt and shrapnel throw them to the ground.  

They sit up, look back at the wreckage. 

               RAVEN
        Are you ok?

               AMA
        We were too late!

A HAND touches her shoulder. She turns, it's MUSASHI.

               AMA

        Master!

She throws her arms around him, then remembers Raven. She 
steps back, grows cold. 

               RAVEN
        I'm truly sorry for what I've 
        brought on you.  
           (in Japanese)
        I thought deeply of myself and 
        lightly of the world. 

               MUSASHI
        You know my writings?

               RAVEN
        It was all they gave me to read as 
        a prisoner of war.

               MUSASHI
        And why are you here?

               RAVEN
        I'd like to help... if you'll have 
        me.

Musashi nods.

               AMA
        Master, I think he's done enough.
        He's the reason our army is dead.

               MUSASHI
        I am the reason our army is dead. I 
        was proud, over-confident. And now 
        we are three against ten thousand.

Raven looks to Musashi.

               RAVEN
           (in Japanese)
        In strategy, one is the same as 
        10,000.

Musashi's eyes alight. A spark of hope. He nods.

               MUSASHI
        Let us see what they've left us. 

EXT. HAN TEK BASE, TIME MACHINE - DAWN

The three stand in the rubble of the base where the time 
machine used to be. It's gone.

               AMA
        They took it.

               RAVEN
        But they have a time machine.

               MUSASHI
        Not like ours.

               AMA
        Our machine can transport Higgsium.

Raven's face drops.

               RAVEN
        Can they send the core forward?

Ama nods.

               RAVEN
        How long until they figure it out? 

               AMA
        Not long. Midday. Maybe less.

Raven processes.

               RAVEN
        ...Tullis will have every soldier 
        in the base guarding it. 

Musashi stares at the rubble.

               MUSASHI
        Leave it to me. I have avoided 
        death long enough. It it time to 
        deliver the message.

He turns to Raven.

               MUSASHI
        I will destroy the machine, but you 
        must destroy the core...It rises or 
        falls on you. 

EXT. HAN TECH BASE, ARMORY - DAY

Raven hands the only remaining shield pack to Musashi.

               RAVEN
        You're gonna need it.

Ama frantically searches what little remains of the bombed 
out armory. She's panicked.

               AMA

        It's gone!

               RAVEN
        What is? What are we looking for?

               AMA
        The bomb to destroy the core! 
        They've taken it!

Raven searches the scraps leftover on a few shelves.

               RAVEN
        I see grenades here. Can we cobble 
        something together?

               AMA
        No...It was atomic...

               RAVEN
        Einstein's bomb.

               AMA
        Yes... denser elements cost more 
        fuel... It took three quarters of 
        our higgsium just to bring back the 
        tiniest bit of Uranium, and it's 
        gone... there's no way to stop 
        them...

               RAVEN
        If they took it, it's in their 
        armory. We just need a distraction.

Raven's eyes search, thinking. He's got something.

               RAVEN
        The time machine, it can...store 
        things--

               AMA
        The buffer.

               RAVEN
        Yes, can the jump belts do that?

               AMA
           (thinks)
        Maybe, if you bounce a signal 
        between two of them. What are you 
        thinking?

Raven grins.

               RAVEN
           (in Japanese)
        In battle, if you make your 
        opponent flinch, you have already 
        won.

EXT. EDGE CORP BASE, HAN TIME MACHINE - DAY

The Quartermaster studies a glowing pulse in the open panel 
of the Han Time machine. He talks to the surrounding 
SCIENTISTS with giddy awe.

               QUARTERMASTER
        I've never seen a VX Module like 
        this! What's it reading?

The Lead Scientist answers back from the CONSOLE.

               LEAD SCIENTIST
        Point eight nine.

               QUARTERMASTER
        But that's...impossible!

Tullis approaches.

               TULLIS

        Report.

               QUARTERMASTER
        They're past Yalgeth's limit! 

               TULLIS

        English.

               QUARTERMASTER
        Sorry. It's just exciting. Science 
        says what we're looking at 
        physically impossible. This is 
        rewriting the textbooks kind of 
        stuff!

               TULLIS
        Can we send it through or not?

               QUARTERMASTER
        I...yeah! It should work, we'd need 
        to prep any raw Higgsium, stabilize 
        it like we do with the portals.

               TULLIS

        How long?

               QUARTERMASTER

        An hour?

Tullis speaks into his Comm.

               TULLIS
        I want the base on high alert, 
        double guards on the walls.
           (to Galloway)
        Have Mago and his team meet us at 
        the armory.

               QUARTERMASTER
        Is that really necessary? We kind 
        of won. We're the only people here 
        for another, like, 50 million 
        years.

               TULLIS
        We're about to bring the core out 
        of hiding. I'm not taking chances. 

EXT. JUNGLE - DAY

Ama, Raven and Musashi crouch at the edge of the jungle, 
studying the small figures patrolling the wall.

               MUSASHI
        They are weakest there, take that 
        opening. I will strike on the 
        opposite side when they come around 
        again.

               AMA
        Master Musashi. It's been my life's 
        greatest honor to know you. Thank 
        you for the sacrifice you're about 
        to make...and you, Raven.

               RAVEN
        ...When things are changed, will 
        you remember this?

               AMA
        Faintly. You'll appear on the day 
        you left...have memories of the 
        life you should have lived, but 
        also memories of this...like a 
        half-forgotten dream. I'm told they 
        fade quickly, but if you write them 
        down...

               RAVEN
        ...I always wanted to be a writer. 

               AMA
        Well here's your chance.

               RAVEN
        No... This is the last stop for me.

               AMA

        How?

               RAVEN
        I'm not in the real world. This 
        dream is all I have.

               AMA
        You... you can't know that. Maybe 
        they're wrong. Maybe they're lying.

               RAVEN
        Maybe... But...can you promise me 
        something?... If we change 
        things... don't let me die alone... 
        Forever is an awful long time to be 
        alone.

This hits Ama. She nods, holding back emotion. 

INT. EDGE BASE, ARMORY - DAY

The Quartermaster searches shelves of toxic chemicals, pulls 
a bottle. Tullis and Galloway follow him to a WORK BENCH.

               QUARTERMASTER
        Ok, this should be all I need. We 
        coat the core and let it set... is 
        Mago bringing it?

               TULLIS
        It's already here.

               QUARTERMASTER

        Seriously?

The Quartermaster whips his head around, looking. Tullis 
nods to the workspace, covered in wires and spare parts. 

               TULLIS

        Make room.

The Quartermaster swipes the mess off in one motion. 

Tullis takes Galloway's PDA, sets it on the desk and POUNDS 
a corner with his fist. The PDA cracks open, Tullis 
carefully let's a 1/3rd inch STONE topple out, it seems to 
glow with every color of the spectrum at once.

               QUARTERMASTER
        This is the entire world's supply 
        of Higgsium?

               GALLOWAY
        I've been carrying it the whole 
        time?

               TULLIS
        If something had happened to me, 
        you would have gotten a message on 
        how to proceed.

               GALLOWAY
           (awestruck)
        Thank you for your trust, sir.

The Quartermaster picks the core up with tongs, staring.

EXT. EDGE CITY, WALLS/FIELD - NIGHT

Dozens of soldiers patrol the walls on high alert. Massive 
FLOODLIGHTS illuminate the the fields. One by one the lights 
SHATTER in a burst of sparks before the field goes dark. 

ANGLE ON - FIELD

We catch a glimpse of Musashi with a bow. 

ANGLE ON - WALLS

The soldiers scramble, searching for the source.

               YOUNG SOLDIER
        Where is he?

               SERGEANT
        Use your thermals!

The YOUNG SOLDIER flips down his HUD.

HUD POV 

FLASH. A THERMAL IMAGE of MUSASHI comes flying at us.

The Young Soldier barely has time to scream.

We stay in his POV as he falls and mainly HEAR the cacophany 
as Musashi slices through the patrol like a woodchipper. 

EXT. JUNGLE'S EDGE - CONTINUOUS

Raven studies the fight, crouched in the leaves at the 
jungle's edge. 

               RAVEN

        Ready?

He looks to Ama, she's already sprinted out towards the 
walls. Raven takes off after her.

EXT. EDGE CITY, WALLS - CONTINUOUS

A small PATROL of EIGHT GUARDS searches in the night, 
straining to see into the field below. They don't notice two 
holograms appear behind them.

FLASH. Raven and Ama materialize. 

Ama's takes two down with her PLASMA PISTOL before the 
guards can even turn around.

RAVEN goes to brain a 7 foot COSSACK, but the giant turns 
surprisingly quickly and catches Raven's CLUB with a gnarled 
oversized HOOKED BLADE.

The two are LOCKED in a test of strength while AMA tears up 
the rest of the team. Dodging, kicking, shooting.

Raven's losing his test of strength with the Cossack slowly 
pushes who's slowly pushing him against the wall--Raven own 
club getting dangerously close to his throat.

Ama dispatches the last guard. Raven's millemeters away from 
getting his windpipe torn open by the sharp obsidian edge of 
his CLUB as the COSSACK puts all of his strength into it.

Suddenly, the Cossack's face freezes. He drops sidewise, 
plasma hole in his back.

Raven catches his breath, stares at the pile of bodies.

               RAVEN
        Right... I'll get the next dozen.

INT. ARMORY - DAY

ECU - The Quartermaster's huge magnified eye stares at us. 
Beads of sweat on his brow.

He's wearing a headset with multiple magnifying lenses, 
studying the Higgsium core. It rests in a dish under a 
series of emitters, wires, and other tech. A low frequency 
thrum accompanies pulses of energy bombarding it. In 

reaction to the waves it becomes a living metal, dancing and 
oscillating, a ferro-fluid.

               QUARTERMASTER
        You don't want to jump through 4 
        dimensional space, do you? No you 
        don't! We'll get you ready, though.

The Quartermaster adjust the settings, the pitch of the 
thrum rises. The core begins to stabilize in a crystalline 
form. Tullis' comm chirps.

               NIGHT WATCHMAN (O.S.)
        General, we're under attack! 
        Samurais! They've breached the 
        walls!

Startled, the Quartermaster jostles a setting too far. The 
thrum rises and the core goes spastic in response shifting 
through a dozen shapes and blurring as it unhinges from 
three dimensional space.

               QUARTERMASTER
        Can you not do that here?

               TULLIS
           (ignoring Quartermaster)
        How many?

               NIGHT WATCHMAN (O.S.)
        I don't know. Dozens, I think. We 
        need the elites!

               TULLIS
        No. Send them to me.

The Quartermaster adjusts a slider, restabilizes the core.

               QUARTERMASTER
        Are they, are they, coming here to 
        attack us?

               TULLIS
        How long will this take?

               QUARTERMASTER
        I'm going as fast as I can! There's 
        exactly one of these in the 
        universe! 

               TULLIS
        Then do it right!

               QUARTERMASTER
        That's not helping. I don't work 
        well under pressure!

He carefully taps another setting and a visible yellow beam 
shines from one of the emitters illuminating the core.  

The Core twists and bends, through more directions than 
exist. The Quartermaster leaps back. It elongates and twits 
upwards a non-euclidian corkscrew, blasting upwards through 
the ceiling.

               TULLIS
        What happening?

               QUARTERMASTER
        I DON'T KNOW! I DON'T--THERE'S NO 
        MANUAL FOR THIS THING!

He twitches and his fingers fly across the controls. The 
core pulsates and returns back to its usual small size. It 
leaves behind a perfectly round hole in the ceiling. 

EXT. EDGE CITY, WALLS - NIGHT

Nervous guards encircle the Han Time machine, screams and 
gunfire heard in the distance. Their GUARD LEADER taps his 
earpiece we hear different voices reporting in.

               FRANTIC REPORTS (V.O.)
        Sector 5! Two more samurai here! Oh 
        god! Oh god! Simultaneous attacks 
        on-- (screams) Sector 5!

We catch a glimpse of Musashi coming down from the walls. A 
beat before the hail of bullets hits he's gone. We see him 
coming again from another angle. More gunfire, some soldiers 
are reloading. No Musashi.

               GUARD LEADER
        Volley fire, don't blow all your 
        rounds at once. Keep moving, find 
        him!

Musashi drops down into the center of PATROLING GUARDS, his 
blades catch a gleam of moonlight.

He hurls his off-hand sword and skewering the patrol leader. 
Before the body hits the ground he leaps, pulls the sword 
out and spins--both arms outstretched. 

He lands. The entire patrol slumps to the ground in unison.

And he's gone again in a flash, a hail of gunfire slamming 

into the ground and walls.

EXT. ROOF TOPS - NIGHT

Raven and Ama run in the moonlight, teleporting from rooftop 
to rooftop--high tech cat buglers. 

INT. ARMORY - NIGHT

The Quartermaster blows on the core, it now has an ordered, 
stable, crystalline structure. He hands it to Tullis.

               QUARTERMASTER
        Ok, it should be ready.

               TULLIS
        Should be or definitely?

               QUARTERMASTER
        Definitely should be...

Tullis turns and nods to Mago. The elites circle around 
Tullis, the Quartermaster squeezes between them. 

               QUARTERMASTER
        Um, can I actually get in there 
        too? ... There's a--a horde of 
        samurais on the loose.

We FLOAT up from the scene to the roof, eyes look through 
the hole cut by the core.

EXT. ARMORY ROOF - CONTINUOUS

Ama and Raven peer down, watching the elites leave. Ama 
fiddles with her jump belt, primed for action.

               RAVEN
        What are you doing?

               AMA
        The core is 100 feet away!

               RAVEN
        Musashi will stop them. Stick to 
        the plan. 

Ama painfully watches the core exit the armory.

INT. ARMORY - CONTINUOUS

Two holograms appear on the empty armory floor, Raven and 
Ama materialize. 

EXT. EDGE BASE, STREETS - NIGHT

Tullis and the Quartermaster march, flanked by the Elites. 
The Quartermaster gets increasingly uneasy as the nearby 
cacophonous screams, shots and roars get louder.

He's starting to panic.

               QUARTERMASTER
        Hey, you know what I just realized, 
        I left my camera back there. I 
        really wanted to take a picture... 
        You guys go ahead without me... I'm 
        just gonna... 

The Quartermaster runs off into the night.

INT. ARMORY - NIGHT

Raven and Ama desperately search the shelves and shelves of 
stolen Han weaponry, letting swords and vests clatter to the 
floor as they toss the place. 

               RAVEN
        Would it be in a special box or 
        case?

               AMA
        No, we didn't want to draw 
        attention to it. 

               RAVEN

        Could it--

Raven looks up at Ama, freezes.

               AMA
        Could it what?

Raven's looking behind her. She turns. It's the 
Quartermaster. A stunned beat. Finally.

               QUARTERMASTER
        What the HELL you guys!

Ama grabs a rifle off the shelf, fires. The Quartermaster 
leaps behind a row of shelves, grabs a LARGE RIFLE.

EXT. EDGE BASE, STREETS - NIGHT

Musashi rounds the corner. The Han Tek time machine a 
football field away--a THOUSAND angry men stand between he 
and it.

Musashi taps his jump belt. A RED WARNING light indicates 
it's out of juice.

The mob runs at him, screaming. Musashi stills himself,  
takes a breath--

Musashi dives, ducks, rolls and slashes. He parries with his 
left hand and ripostes with his right. He carves his way 
through history as Picts, Gauls, Carthaginians, Aztecs, 
Zandes and more find that there is one greatest swordsman in 
history, and he is killing them.

Soon the warriors are more hesitant to strike. The crowd 
starts parting around Musashi. 

We hear chants of "Ajax, Ajax!" A bronze age GREEK bruiser, 
all beard and testosterone, steps in front of Musashi, 
grinning. It's a duel. 

Musashi nods and strides forward, sword drawn in the 
traditional samurai dueling form.

The GREEK raises his sword, Musashi slashes, never breaking 
stride. He continues past the Greek who looks down at his 
gashed chest. Falls.

Panicked defenders begin scattering as time machine comes 
into view.

INT. ARMORY - DAY

The Quartermaster clutches his gun, sweating, taking cover 
behind a row of shelves. Raven calls out.

               RAVEN
        We don't want shoot you.

               QUARTERMASTER
        Than why did you shoot at me?!

               RAVEN
        I'm sorry, we shouldn't have done 
        that.

           (to Ama)
        Say you're sorry.

               AMA

        What?

Raven nods emphatically to her.

               AMA
        I'm sorry! ... But to be fair 
        you're pointing a gun at us.

               QUARTERMASTER
        No, I'm pointing it at the plasma 
               (MORE)

               QUARTERMASTER (CONT'D)
        grenades. And if I shoot them this 
        whole building goes up.

Raven walks down the aisle, hands up.

               RAVEN
        Don't shoot! I need your help.

               QUARTERMASTER
        You've got a hell of a way to show 
        it.

               RAVEN
        I know you're not like them. You're 
        just in over your head... Let's 
        talk about this.

               QUARTERMASTER
        ...What are you looking for?

               RAVEN
        A bomb, the size of a grapefruit--

               QUARTERMASTER
        --Full of uranium.

               AMA
        You have it?

               QUARTERMASTER
        Tullis had a squad set it off down 
        continent so people couldn't sneak 
        in and use it to destroy the 
        core...I thought he was being 
        mind-blowingly paranoid... 

               RAVEN
        When did they leave? How long ago?

               QUARTERMASTER
        It's done. It already went off. 

               AMA

        Oh god.

               QUARTERMASTER
        Tullis will have the core sent 
        forward any second now...it's for 
        the best. Think of how many people 
        will be saved with vaccines and--

               AMA
        They'll be killed! They're all 
        dead! We can't stop the collapse!

               QUARTERMASTER
        The collapse?

               AMA
        A mutli-verse collapse!

               QUARTERMASTER 
        Oh...oh no... I told them this 
        could happen. No one would listen. 

He looks up at Ama.

               QUARTERMASTER
        How bad is it?

               AMA
        The end of everything.

               QUARTERMASTER
        We need to destroy the core!

Raven's moved around to face the Quartermaster.

               RAVEN
        Can you help us? Is there something 
        we're not seeing?

               QUARTERMASTER
        No...I mean, yes, I'll help, but... 
        we don't have anything that could 
        destroy it...we can't even steal 
        it...once those samurais are dead 
        the core is going through. It's too 
        late to stop them!

EXT. EDGE BASE, HAN TEK TIME MACHINE - NIGHT

Musashi stands in the center of a hundred dead guards. Mago 
and his elites close in on him.

               MAGO
        Your death is here, Musashi.

Musashi looks past Mago to the time machine CONSOLE. 

               MUSASHI
        I think you're right. 

Mago's chain sword roars to life, he charges. 

Another Elite draws his rife, but before he can fire 
Musashi's off-hand blade lands in his chest. 

The melee erupts as Musashi leaps into Mago and the other 
charging Elites.

Musashi directs the battle, flowing and maneuvering his 
enemies where he wants them, but these aren't redshirts, 
blows land and elites fall, but not without Musashi taking 
injuries of his own. He works his way to his thrown sword 
and extracts it from the dead elite.

Despite a dozen Elites being involved in this fight, this is 
a duel between Mago and Musashi, even the other greats can't 
keep up with their sword dance. Those that approach are 
swatted back like flies by Musashi.

It's a battle of the two greatest swordsman to ever live, 
moving faster than our eyes can keep up.

Mago is rabid, roaring as he strikes. 

Musashi keeps focus, carefully guiding the fight closer and 
closer to the time machine CONSOLE.

Musashi's almost to the console, but Mago's blocking every 
motion towards it now. 

We can see the decision made in Musashi's eyes.

He leaps towards Mago, SKEWERS him through the shoulder, 
pinning Mago to the back of the console, BUT he's opened 
himself up...

Mago scores a brutal slashing cut across Musashi's chest. 
Musashi slumps, his face goes pale. Mago smiles.

               MAGO
        That wound is lethal. I've won.

Musashi musters strength, smashes a button on the CONSOLE.

               MUSASHI
        Command authorization, Five Rings.

               COMPUTER VOICE
        Voice print acknowledged. 

The Han Tek portal ROARS to life, the orange cloud ripping 
hundreds of feet into the air. 

Mago slashes, but he misses Musashi's face by inches--still 
stuck to the console.

               MUSASHI
           (whispered to Mago)
        Have you?

           (to the console)
        Seppuku.

Musashi uses his last strength to run to the portal. He 
LEAPS to the pad and DISAPPEARS.

               COMPUTER VOICE
        Acknowledged.

A loud mechanical click and a deep bass thrum fills the 
area. Mago's eyes go wide and he thumbs his jump belt.

A massive electrical discharge plumes upwards towards the 
sky. The surviving elites and Mago scatter and take cover. 
The entire city is for a moment illuminated by the arcing 
lightning as the portal destroys itself.

INT. DARKENED ROOM - NIGHT

OVERHEAD ANGLE - Musashi lies on the floor, bleeding out. 
Ama and the future Han Scientists surround him. We see his 
lips move as he whispers the message.

Musashi smiles. Breathes his last.

INT. ARMORY - CONTINUOUS

Ama, Raven and the Quartermaster turn at the sound of the 
Han Time machine exploding.

Raven and Ama look at each other. 

               QUARTERMASTER
        What was that?

               AMA

        Musashi. 

               RAVEN
        Think. There has to be another way 
        to destroy this thing.

               QUARTERMASTER
        No, it needs a nuclear reaction, an 
        atomic bomb.

               RAVEN
        Can we get another one? Steal it 
        form the future?

               QUARTERMASTER
        Yeah, if we had 100 times the fuel.

He looks to Ama as if to say "where did you get this guy?" 

His comm pings.

               TULLIS (O.S.)
        Quartermaster. 

The Quartermaster's eyes go big.

EXT. EDGE BASE, HAN TIME MACHINE - DAY

Tullis, staggers through the smoking debris. His clothes 
charred and glasses smashed, RED EYES blazing.

               TULLIS
        Do you read? ...Do you read?

               QUARTERMASTER (O.S.)
        Uh...yeah, I'm here. 

               TULLIS
        Get to the Han Time machine, now. 

               QUARTERMASTER
        I can't uh, come quite yet.

Tullis steps over a dead scientist.

               TULLIS
        That's an order! You need to 
        salvage this tech before we lose 
        it!

FIRE CREWS rush to put out one of the dozens of pockets of 
flames in the background.

               QUARTERMASTER (O.S.)
        Right...I'll be there as soon as I 
        can.

               TULLIS
           (livid)
        Nothing you're doing can be more 
        important!

INT. ARMORY - CONTINUOUS

The Quartermaster's like a deer in headlights. 

               QUARTERMASTER
        I'm pooping!

               TULLIS (O.S.)

        HERE! NOW!

The comm channel chirps off, Quartermaster takes a breath.

               QUARTERMASTER
        Do you think he bought it?

               RAVEN
        No. I think Mago will be here in 
        about 60 seconds.

               QUARTERMASTER
        What are we gonna do?

Everyone's frozen in thought, backlight by shafts of morning 
light. The sun has risen. A beat, Raven's got it.

               RAVEN

        Follow me.

EXT. EDGE CITY, STREETS - DAY

The three rush through the streets, Ama and Raven keeps 
their heads down. The Quartermaster looks so uncomfortable 
trying to blend in he's actually sticking out.

               QUARTERMASTER
           (whispered)
        That's insane?

               RAVEN
        Can you do it?

               AMA
        I know the coordinates.

               QUARTERMASTER
        So do I, that's not the problem... 
        There's a three minute warm up and 
        it's not exactly covert. We'll be 
        dead before we can press the 
        button. 

               RAVEN
        We have a distraction.

               QUARTERMASTER
        It better be a damn good one.

               RAVEN
        It'll be enough. 

               QUARTERMASTER
        Are you sure about this?... there's 
        no going back after, Raven.

               RAVEN

        ...I know.

They round the corner to the--

TIME PAD - DAY

Raven and Ama try and blend with the background as the 
Quartermaster puffs his chest out, barks at the TECHS.

               QUARTERMASTER
        Did you not see that explosion?! 
        They need every hand on deck! Get 
        out there!

               TECH
        But...but we didn't get any 
        order....

               QUARTERMASTER
        What does it sound like I'm giving 
        you? I'll man your post. Go!

The TECHS nod and scurry off. The Quartermaster turns to 
where Ama and Raven hide, grins and nods.

He begins punching buttons on the CONSOLE. 

INT. ARMORY, FRONT OFFICE - DAY

Mago and what's left of the ELITES stalk into the Armory's 
front office. Mago tries the handle of the door to the back. 
Locked.

               MAGO
        Quartermaster! Come out!

He nods to a GAUL ELITE who steps forward and KICKS down the 
door. BOOM. He's blown back in an explosion. Dead.

Mago slips in through the smoke. Pings his comm.

               MAGO
        He's not in the armory. There was a 
        trap, waiting for us.

EXT. EDGE BASE, HAN TEK TIME MACHINE RUBBLE - CONTINUOUS

Tullis processes Mago's report. Suddenly, he sees a massive 
rift open in the sky across the base--the Edge Corp Time 
Machine has been fired up. Tullis' eyes narrow.

               TULLIS

        Raven.

EXT. EDGE CITY, TIME MACHINE PAD - DAY

The Quartermaster works frantically on the controls. Ama 

takes cover behind the raised TIME PAD, plasma pistol out.

               QUARTERMASTER
        This is crazy, this is crazy, this 
        is crazy--

               AMA
        Keep it together!

Mago and the charred, battered and furious Elites arrive. 
Ama opens fire. The Quartermaster hides behind the console.

               QUARTERMASTER
        This would be a great time for that 
        thing we talked about!!!

               MAGO
        Kill them both, find Raven.

               RAVEN (O.S.)
        I'm right here.

Mago whips around just in time to see Raven press his jump 
belt...nothing happens.

Raven looks down, eyes wide. Presses a button again, it 
gives a negative BEEP.

Mago grins, strides towards Raven, who backs up towards the 
other Elites. 

               RAVEN

        Ama?!

ANGLE ON AMA

Hiding behind the raised landing pad, frantically pressing 
buttons on her jump belt.

               AMA
        Try it now!

ANGLE ON RAVEN

He presses the green button. An affirmative beep. Mago's 
almost to him, suddenly--

A TYRANOSAURUS REX 

appears behind Mago! It roars the most deafening roar we can 
legally allow in a movie theater. The king of dinosaurs, the 
only thing that could give Mago Barca pause.

The T-Rex STRIKES. In a flash, its massive JAWS CLAMP DOWN. 
Mago dodges away, barely. Lycos isn't so lucky. The beast 
tosses him into the air like a piece of popcorn and CHOMP. A 
second chomp and the T-Rex swallows.

Raven leaps into action, while the Elites are stunned. He 
bashes one, an Ottoman Janisarry, across the back of the 
head, then kicks a second, a Vandal barbarian, in the knee. 
The leg snaps sideways with a CRACK. Raven clubs the Elite 
as he falls.  

The Elites scatter, but the T-REX is faster, stomping on 
some and snacking others. We can see a small, hi-tech 
receiver attached to an arrow protruding from its leg.

Raven runs to cover, bullets pinging off his shield as angry 
elites rush him. They scatter as Ama blasts cover fire. 

Vlad hurls a GRENADE.

               AMA

        GRENADE!

Raven spots it, grips his club and BATS it back like a 
baseball. BOOM. Vlad, and a Zande warrior down. 

ANGLE ON - T-REX

An Elite machine gunner is going full auto on the CHARGING 
T-Rex, it's not even slowing it down. 

Raven leaps back out from cover and rushes towards him. The 
Elite dives away from the T-Rex, right into Raven's swing.

The T-Rex crashes by, starts turning ponderously.

A sword slash from Mago rakes across Raven's chest. Raven 
backs away just enough to keep it from being lethal. 

Mago is a hurricane. It's all Raven can do to keep his 
shield in front of him as Mago smashes it all to hell.

Mago disarms Raven's club with a flourish, then a brutal 
blow against his shield slams Raven to the ground. The 
shield clatters away from him. Raven's unarmed.

Raven glances up. TELEPORTS. 

Mago turns to see gaping T-REX JAWS about to close on him. 
He rolls, barely dodging the snapping teeth.

But he isn't so lucky when 20 feet of muscular TAIL SLAMS 
into him. 

He tumbles through the air and crashes into the ground. 
Raven's on him in a flash, a softball sized rock in his 
hands. He brings it THUDDING down onto the Mago's head. He's 
dead.

The T-Rex turns and we catch the animal intelligence in its 
eye. It CHARGES Raven who fumbles with the jump belt. At the 
last second, the receiver on the T-Rex PINGS and the beast 
disappears in a FLASH.  

The daisy-chained jump belts glow briefly.

Raven recovers his shield and club as he races to the--

CONSOLE

The Quartermaster is cowering.

               RAVEN
        Are you hurt?

               QUARTERMASTER

        I'm... 
           (surprised)

        Fine!

               RAVEN
        How much longer do you need?

               QUARTERMASTER
        The coordinates are in, just need 
        to press this button.

               RAVEN
        Then press it!

               QUARTERMASTER
        It's not green. It needs to be 
        green! 

Ama grunts from behind the time pad. Raven sees her trying 
to prop herself up, bleeding badly from a gunshot wound.

Raven rushes to her. 

               RAVEN
        We did it. One more minute and 
        you'll wake up in the life you're 
        supposed to live. This will all be 
        a bad dream. 

She smiles, chokes out words.

               AMA
        Not all bad.

Raven smiles weakly. Ama closes her eyes, taking a mental 
photograph. She struggles to speak.

               AMA
        I'll remember.... You'll exist with 
        me.... People will know that you 
        were here... and that you mattered. 

BANG! Raven looks up to see the Quartermaster slump against 
the console. He slides down to the ground leaving a trail of 
blood across the LCD display that reads "QUANTUM TUNNEL 
READY". The words are echoed by a friendly computer voice. 
The button turns GREEN.

Raven moves for it, but TWO SHOTS, ricochet off the landing 
pad, inches from his head.

Raven pulls a small mirror from his pack. Spots around the 
corner--TULLIS and GALLOWAY, guns drawn. 

               TULLIS
           (to Galloway)
        Go shut it down.

Shots PING at Galloway's feet.

               RAVEN
        Stay there. I don't want to hurt 
        you!

               GALLOWAY
        I don't care. I'll die for this 
        cause.

He slowly walks forward. Raven shoots at his feet again. 

               RAVEN
        Galloway, listen to me. LISTEN! You 
        were right! I was wrong! This IS 
        worth dying for! It matters. God, 
        it matters more than you can 
        imagine... But you're on the wrong 
        side!

Galloway continues his slow march to the console.

               GALLOWAY
        You're a liar! You'll say anything 
        to get what you want?

               RAVEN
        Tullis is the liar. He said we're 
        saving the world, but we're damning 
        it!

               TULLIS
        Enough! What do you want, Raven? 
        What's your price?  

               RAVEN
        I'm done being bought.

               TULLIS
        You're not thinking big enough! We 
        have a time machine. You can be a 
        king, a Pharaoh. You and the girl. 
        Name it, it's yours.

               RAVEN
        All the kingdoms of the world? 

               TULLIS

        Yes!

Galloway catches the reference, looks at Tullis with new 
eyes. Raven stares at the blinking green button, yards away.

               RAVEN
        Galloway, listen to me very 
        carefully. In the next 30 seconds 
        you and I are either going to save 
        the world or destroy it. To save 
        it, you need to shoot him now. Or 
        he will shoot you.

Galloway turns to Tullis. Hesitates.

               RAVEN

        Shoot him!

Galloway shakily raises his gun--too much hesitation. Tullis 
sighs and blows him away.

Raven uses the distraction to RACE to the CONSOLE. Tullis 
quickly refocuses his fire, bullets ping of Raven's shield. 
He takes one in the leg, stumbles.

This gives Tullis time to pull out his PLASMA PISTOL. Raven 
makes a final, desperate LEAP to the button. 

SLOW MO: Tullis fires the pistol. It burns a hole through 
the shield, blasts Raven in the chest. He winces at the 
impact, but stays on course... His hand slams down on the 
GREEN BUTTON.

The soothing computer CONSOLE informs us:

               CONSOLE
        Target locked.

The VORTEX flares taller.

Tullis watches his worst nightmare play out in front of him. 
He's lost... He turns the plasma pistol on himself. Fires.

ANGLE ON - AMA

As she painfully crawls to Raven who lies back behind the 
console, dying. 

The Vortex grows louder, violent behind her. She only has 
seconds left. Finally, she reaches him, cradles his head.

               AMA
        I'm with you... I'm here.

He smiles, pained. She bends down, leaning in for a kiss.

ANGLE ON - CONSOLE

The LCD reads, "Connection Established"

AERIAL SHOT

We're above the swirling VORTEX. Suddenly, we RUSH away from 
the Earth, faster than light. We finally see where they 
opened the connecting VORTEX--

THE SUN

The VORTEX swirls right outside the sun's massive corona. A 
SOLAR FLARE erupts into it, disappearing.

EXT. EDGE CITY, TIME MACHINE PAD - CONTINUOUS

Ama's lips are millimeters away from Raven's.

Behind her everything goes WHITE as the solar flare blasts 
through the portal.

SUPER SLOW MOTION

Ama and Raven are silhouetted by the blinding light. Their 
lips meet for an eternal kiss. 

Soon, they're engulfed by light. The screen goes--

WHITE.

We hang on the white screen for an extra beat. Long enough 

to let the girlfriends in the audience shed a few tears.

                                      FADE IN:

SUNSET

The pink sun hangs low in the sky. We pull back to see 
idyllic fields surrounded by lush forest.

ECU - RAVEN'S FACE

His eyes shoot open and he SUCKS in air.

EXT. RAVEN'S FARM, FRONT PORCH - CONTINUOUS

Raven looks around. He's sitting in a rocking chair on a 
front porch. He looks at his shirtless chest--no scars.                                          

A stack of notebooks sits on an end table next to him.

               WOMAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
        Baby, did you hear me?

               RAVEN

        What?

Giselle walks out on the porch.

               WOMAN/GISELLE
        It's dinner. You coming?

Raven stands, shocked. He walks to Giselle. Touches her 
face, emotional.

               GISELLE

        You ok?

As an answer Raven kisses her. Passionately.

               LITTLE BOY'S VOICE (O.S.)

        Groooooss!

Raven looks down, an adorable 3-year-old looks up at him. He 
kneels down, embraces his son.

INT. FUTURISTIC BANK - DAY

Ama hands a BANK TELLER a identification card.

               AMA
        This was just sent to me.

The teller takes the card and reads it briefly.

               TELLER
        Happy Birthday, miss.

INT. SAFETY DEPOSIT BOOX ROOM - DAY

Ama opens a safety deposit box by pressing her thumb against 
the sensor. The top slides open revealing a first edition of 
"Missing in Action" by Captain John Raven, USMC, Retired.

She flips the book open, reads the printed dedication: "To 
Ama, may the world never know how close it came."

CREDITS

               THE END

